[Season 2]
[Episode 1]
Scene: Junkyard

Tuco: What is this? It's blue.

Walter: We used a different chemical process, but it is every bit as pure.

Jesse: May be blue, but it's the b*mb.

Tuco: Tight, tight, tight! Yeah. Blue, yellow, pink! Whatever man, just keep bringing me that. You're all right. We're gonna make a lot of money together.

No Doze: Just remember who you're working for.

Tuco: What did you say?

No Doze: I'm just saying, they gotta know that they're working for you.

Tuco: Like they don't already know that? Are you saying that they're stupid?

No Doze: No, I'm just saying.

Tuco: Oh yeah, so you're not saying that they're stupid? So, I don't understand. Are you saying that I'm stupid? Is that it? Is that what you're doing?

Walter: Tuco. Why don't we all just relax?

Tuco: Heisenberg says, "relax. " I'm relaxed. I'm relaxed. I'm relaxed Damn, man! Look at that! Look! Yeah. That's messed up. Okay, Heisenberg! Next week.

Walter: Adjusting for inflation. Good state college, adjusting for inflation, say $45,000 a year. Two kids, four years of college, $360,000. Remaining mortgage on the home, 170,000. Home equity line, 30,000. That's 137,000. Cost of living, food, clothing, utilities, say two grand a month, and that should put a dent in it, anyway. 24k a year, provide for say, 10 years. That's $240,000. Plus 360, plus 137. 737. $737,000. That’s what I need. That is what I need. You and I both clear about 70 grand a week, that's only 10 1/2 more weeks. Call it 11. 11 more drug deals and always in a public place from now on. It's do-able. Definitely do-able.

Tuco: Heisenberg! What the hell? What's wrong with him? What's the matter with you? You can't take an ass-beating, bitch?

Gonzo: Damn, Tuco.

Tuco: Shut up.

Walter: There's no pulse.

Tuco: Do something.

Walter: Do something? He needs an ambulance. He needs a hospital.

Tuco: Do something! You're smart, right? Do that thing!

Walter: No, there's nothing.

Tuco: Breathe into his mouth.

Walter: No, they don't teach that anymore. It doesn't work.

Tuco: You, come here! Breathe into his mouth! Get rid of him.

Gonzo: We can't do him like that, man. Buzzards and rats and all that. I'm just saying, you know? It's not very Christian.

Tuco: It sounds like arguing. Gonzo, hurry up! What's the big hurry?

Walter: I just think we're done here.

Tuco: You're done.

Scene: White Residence

Skyler: Hey, I'm back here! Hello? Didn't you hear me?

Walter: Hey.

Skyler: Hey, yourself. What, you can't answer when I'm calling you? Are you okay?

Walter: Great.

Skyler: New hat? I got some grilled chicken at Albertsons. You want me to heat some up for you? Where've you been? Do you know what, I've got all this crap on my face. Let me clean up first, okay? You know, Walter Junior's gonna be home any minute, so enough. Hold up. Stop it. Stop it! I know you're scared, and you're angry, and you're frustrated. And I know none of this is fair. But you cannot take it out on me.

Walter Jr: Hey, I'm home!

Scene: Jesse’s House

Jesse: We are d*ad. d*ad, man! Muerto! Or muerte! However the hell you...

Walter: This is conjecture.

Jesse: This is conjecture?

Walter: Yes. And conjecture isn't helping.

Jesse: My conjecture isn't helping. Fine. Facts then. Fact A: My phone rang, like, eight times last night. d*ad air, hang ups every time. Second fact: Like 3 in the morning I saw that black caddy of his cruising my neighborhood. No headlights.

Walter: No if he wanted to k*ll us, he would've done it at the junkyard.

Jesse: What is that? Conjecture? Are you basing that on that he's got a normal, healthy brain or something? Did you not see him b*at a dude to death for, like, nothing? And that way, that way he just kept staring at us, saying, "You're done." "You're done"? You wanna know what that means? I will tell you what that means. That means exactly how it sounds, yo! All right. We are witnesses. We are loose ends. Right now, Tuco's thinking, "Yeah, hey, they cook good meth, but can I trust them?" What happens when he decides no?

Walter: No.

Jesse: It's him or us! You understand? It is him or us!

Walter: How would you do it?

Jesse: What do you mean how would I do it?

Walter: Specifically, how would you do it? Step by step.

Jesse: Alright. Say we set up one last sale, this is providing he doesn't decide to waste us before then. Every time we bring in a new batch, he always tests the product, right? So, as his head is down you know, just giving it a snort, pop pop pop!

Walter: Pop pop pop? So three sh*ts?

Jesse: Three sh*ts, or, I don't know, two.

Walter: But is it two, or is it three?

Jesse: Two would probably work, I guess, yeah.

Walter: Two sh*ts in the chest? Or two sh*ts in the face?

Jesse: Man, come on.

Walter: I'm just trying to understand how this works. All right. We'll put a pin in that. But by now, the big guy, Gonzo he's probably coming at you, right? So you turn toward him, how many sh*ts for him? He's a big guy, right? How many sh*ts does that take?

Jesse: I don't know. Three sh*ts.

Walter: Okay, three sh*ts. Tuco and Gonzo. Two men down. Now, is there anyone else there? I mean, Tuco is usually with someone else, right? Maybe even a couple of guys. His dealers, his posse. All right. So we'll put a pin in that one, too. Now, at this point, how many sh*ts have been fired? You've gotta be running low. How many b*ll*ts does that g*n take? How can you suggest that we k*ll a man, and you can't even open the g*n? It's not that easy, is it?

Jesse: Hey, man, Walt, you did it.

Walter: Yeah.

Scene: Hank and Marie’s Kitchen

Marie: Call Skyler.

Walter: Hey, there. You've reached Walt, Skyler, and Walter Junior. We can't come to the phone right now, so please leave us a message.

Marie: Well, aren't you an early bird, up and out already. The big lug and I are gonna go try that new restaurant over by UNM tonight. So let me know if you guys wanna hang. Listen to me. "Hang." Walt Junior would be proud. I know the lingo. I'm still hip. It's Chinese, the restaurant. I don't know. I just feel like Chinese. Do you think that people in China ever just feel like American? You know, and they go out and get little take-out boxes with mashed potatoes and meatloaf, and try and figure out how to use the little knives and forks? I wonder if that ever happens. All right. I'll let you go. So call me.

Scene: Driveway

Hank: Skyler didn't pick up?

Marie: Obviously she's not home.

Hank: What was that about Chinese?

Marie: Dinner tonight. That new place.

Hank: How late they serve?

Marie: I don't know.

Hank: You got Dave at 8.

Marie: Not tonight.

Hank: Yeah, you do. Remember?

Marie: No, that's Thursday. I'm pretty sure that's Thursday.

Hank: Remember how, at the last minute, they changed it around for you? They were gonna charge us a penalty. Look, baby, you only got six more sessions.

Marie: And I'm doing them, Hank. I said I would do them, and I'm doing them. I can't help it if you got your days of the week wrong.

Neighbor Kid: Look out! Sorry, Mr. Schrader!

Hank: Look, it's you know, it's just I think Dave is really helping you. Sorry about that. She's...

Scene: Police Station

Prisoner: Hey! Hey, where's my phone call? Ow!

Steve: Hits two in the sand, two in the forest. And then he says, "Give me a four."

Hank: Gomez. What do you got for me? Come on. Chop-chop.

Steve: Good morning to you, too. APD sent this over. This was about eight or ten days ago. You know Southwest Aniline, right?

Hank: Yeah, off the 25? Whole place smells like feet.

Steve: This is them. Check this out.

Hank: Holy shit. What was that?

Steve: Thermite. So they tell me. Burns about 5,000 degrees. Kind of stuff you see in a James Bond movie.

Hank: Nice! Guys who know their trade. Wait. I take that back. What, they didn't think about stealing a hand truck? Try rolling it, morons! It's a barrel. It rolls. Jesus. So what'd they get?

Steve: Methylamine, 30 gallons.

Hank: P2P? They're cooking old-school biker meth. Who the hell still does that?

Steve: All the old-timers I know are either d*ad or in prison.

Hank: Pseudo's in short supply, so these two make do by changing up the formula. That and the thermite I'd say these two know their chemistry.

Steve: But ranking them as burglars?

Hank: Shit! I wouldn't trust these two to break into the Special Olympics. They got book learnin' but no street skills.

Steve: Maybe they're college kids. Chem students trying to make a big score.

Hank: Maybe. I tell you, 30 gallons of precursor. That big a score, they're gonna wind up stepping on some toes. Tell you what, they better pray it's us who catches up to them and not those boys from Juarez.

Scene: White Residence

Skyler: Your daughter wants out.

Walter: Hey, there. You've reached Walt, Skyler, and Walter Junior. We can't come to the phone right now, so please leave us a message.

Marie: Hey, it's me. I thought I'd try you earlier this time, before you go out and, you know, face the day. I'm realizing now it probably takes you a little longer to get to the phone, owing to the extra baby weight...

Walter: Hey, sweetie.

Skyler: Walt, did you spend the entire night out here?

Walter: No, no. Well, not all of it. Oh, yeah. I did have a touch of my stomach, you know? I knew I was gonna be up and down, so I just didn't want to wake you.

Scene: Jesse’s House

Walter: How would he know where I live?

Jesse: You're sure it was Tuco?

Walter: Who else could it be? Did you ever tell him my name, where I live or anything? What about Gonzo, or the d*ad one? Did you tell them anything about me?

Jesse: I didn't say jack! Tuco must've put out, like, you know, feelers. He's got his ways and means, yo. Sources, all right? He's closing in.

Walter: And what happens when he finds out that my brother-in-law is a DEA agent? Oh, God. What happens then?

Jesse: Look, it's got five b*ll*ts. I finally figured out how to. Look, I just finally figured it out. Say we get a second g*n, right, for you. I mean, don't we, like, double our chances? I mean, mathematically.

Walter: I've got a better idea.

Jesse: Thank God! All right. What is it, Mr. White? Lay it on me.

Walter: Beans.

Jesse: Beans?

Walter: They're castor beans.

Jesse: So what are we gonna do with them? Are we just gonna grow a magic beanstalk, huh? Climb it and escape?

Walter: We are going to process them into ricin.

Jesse: Rice and beans?

Walter: Ricin. It's an extremely effective poison. It's toxic in small doses. Also fairly easy to overlook during an autopsy. All right. So...don't touch them.

Jesse: Wait. Seriously, you can get poison from beans?

Walter: Back in the late '70s, ricin was used to assassinate a Bulgarian journalist. The KGB modified the tip of an umbrella to inject a tiny pellet into the man's leg. And we're talking about an amount not much bigger than the head of a pin.

Jesse: But it k*lled him?

Walter: Now we just need to figure out a delivery device, and then no more Tuco.

Scene: White Residence

Hank: How you doing? Is this a bad time?

Skyler: No, come on in.

Hank: I should've called first. I'm sorry.

Skyler: What can I do for you?

Hank: Maybe we ought to sit down first?

Skyler: I don't know, Hank. Depends on whether or not this is gonna be about Marie. Did she send you?

Hank: Hell, no. She's barely even talking to me. That's why I'm here, okay? Self-preservation. Big time. Look, I know you gals have your ups and downs. I get it. And I need to get involved like I need a second hole in my ass. But if you could do me this huge favor and just return her phone calls.

Skyler: I don't think I'm quite ready to do that yet. You know, communication. Communication, right? The back, the forth.

Hank: Come on. Sky, do this for me, please. You can yell at her. Just call her back.

Skyler: Marie is a shoplifter, Hank. That's right. That "baby tiara" she gave me at the shower? She stole it from Gertrude Zachary's. I almost got arrested when I went back to return it. And Marie won't admit it. She won't apologize.

Hank: Yeah. If I thought you were gonna return it, I would have never, you know.

Skyler: You knew about this?

Hank: We're working on it. I mean, she's got this therapist, Dave. I mean, Dave is really good. Dave's good. But it's an ongoing process, Sky, and we have gotta be understanding. You know? I mean, we've gotta, you know. We've gotta support the shit out of her.

Skyler: Do we? I need support. Me! The almost 40-year-old pregnant woman, with the surprise baby on the way. And the husband with the lung cancer who disappears for hours on end, and I don't know where he goes, and he barely even speaks to me anymore. With the moody son who does the same thing. And the overdrawn checking account. And the lukewarm water heater that leaks rusty-looking crap and is rotting out the floor of the utility closet and we can't even afford to fix it. But, oh, I see! Now I'm supposed to go, "Hank, please.What can I possibly do to further benefit my spoiled, kleptomaniac bitch sister who somehow always manages to be the center of attention! Cause God knows she's the one with the really important problems!"

Scene: Jesse’s Basement

Hank: Want me to take a look at that utility closet?

Jesse: That's all it takes?

Walter: That's all it takes.

Jesse: So, now what?

Walter: Now, we arrange our next meet, in a public place this time. Nice and safe. Business as usual. And, uh, after we sell him our usual four pounds, then we'll pull this out. "By the way, Tuco, the new meth formula we've been working on. Would you care to try it?"

Jesse: Okay, well, what's new about it? Just in case he asks. What do we say?

Walter: I don't know. Whatever you want. It gets the user insanely high. I mean, how much salesmanship do we really need? That degenerate snorts anything he gets his hands on.

Jesse: Okay, well, we'll just put a pin in that, then.

Walter: Anyway, within the next 48 hours, maybe 72, it'll look like natural causes.

Jesse: What, like a heart att*ck?

Walter: Or the flu, maybe. His associates won't know any differently, and we'll be in the clear.

Jesse: Not if Tuco kills us first.

Walter: Just keep it down. Hey, Hank. What's up?

Hank: Hey, buddy. You been home yet?

Walter: Why?

Hank: Well 'cause I really screwed up. I apologize in advance for the earful you're gonna hear from Skyler. I'm just trying to get her and Marie talking again. Big mistake. I should have just kept out of it.

Walter: Yeah, well, okay.

Hank: Me and my big mouth, I guess.

Walter: Well, that happens. It's no problem. No worries.

Hank: Well, thanks, man. I appreciate that. Jesus, the wives, huh?

Walter: Hank, unfortunately, I really...

Hank: Oh, yeah, man, don't let me keep you. Actually, I'm at work, so you wanna see something really freaky?

Walter: Well, I would, but...

Hank: Seriously, Walt, this is, you gotta check out this crime scene me and Gomie are at. Just a second. Hang on, hang on. It should be coming through right now. Guess it could be worse, huh? We could be having a day like these two. A couple of local bulletheads. Guess they pissed off the wrong guy. Walt, you there?

Scene: Living Room

Walter: I'm taking this.

Jesse: No! It's my g*n! I need it!

Walter: No, you don't! Not if you leave town. Get out of here. Tuco k*lling Gonzo means he's coming after us next. I've gotta get home. My family.

Scene: Walter and Skyler’s Bathroom

Walter: Where's Walter Junior?

Skyler: Having dinner at Louis's house. Supposedly. All day, I've had the whole house to myself. So where have you been this time?

Scene: Nursery

Skyler: Walt, will you come in here and talk to me please?

Walter: I'll be right there.

Scene: Junkyard

Hank: Yeah, I recognize these two knob jobs. Known associates of a psychotic piece of shit named Tuco Salamanca.

Steve: Guess he got tired of associating.

Hank: Do you mind if I get in there?

Agent: No, go ahead.

Hank: The big one smells fresher. You guys find a death wound? I see lots of blood, but no b*llet holes.

Agent: You done taking pictures? All right. Let's lay 'em out flat.

Hank: Let me get out of your way here, man.

Steve: Oh, snap!

Hank: Damn, Ricky. Leave something for the coroner. Oh, this is beautiful. Hey, someone call Jay Leno. We've got the world's dumbest criminal. This guy wasn't m*rder. Look. Big Stuff, here, was moving this guy's body, when the stack must have shifted. Crushed his arm, pinned him here, and he bled out!

Steve: Poetic justice. Oh, I love it.

Hank: Don't you just? Get a photo of me with this guy, all right? Old Stumpy, here. Make sure you get the stump in there.

Scene: Walter and Skyler’s Bathroom

Skyler: Would you talk to me, please?

Walter: I don't know where to begin.

Scene: Driveway

Walter: What the hell are you doing here?

Tuco: Get in. Get in. Let's go.

[Episode 2]
Scene: Police Station

Hank: All right, everybody. Listen up. Tuco Salamanca. For those of you not with us this morning, we raided his headquarters. Also his last known address. Even the little den of iniquity he keeps for his meth hag girlfriend. We netted a bunch of his lieutenants. The big man himself smelled us coming. So study the face. Study the file. Get a big ol raging hard on at the idea of catching this piece of shit. My apologies to the HR department. Grow tumescent with anticipation. All right. On the h*t parade, 1998. Reputed to have whacked "Dog" Paulson, back when our home-grown banditos where wrestling the crank trade away from the So Cal biker gangs. Also, we're pretty sure he knifed a Mexican national in '03. And for my money, seeing how he customarily deals with rivals, I'd say he is a prime suspect in the disappearance of our dearly-missed Krazy-8. Hats over your heart for that dirtball. We hauled Tuco in for questioning on that one, but as usual, we couldn't make it stick. He runs a tight ship. Smug bastard. And even worse, El Paso says he's got some kind of cartel connection. I know it's, we all know what's going on down there. We sure as hell don't want it going on up here. Which brings us to the good news. We finally got some actual, honest-to-God evidence. This is one of Tuco's henchmen. Street name, No Doze. Found him tucked in the junkyard, along with Tuco's own brother-in-law, A.K.A. Gonzo. Gonzo, this rocket scientist, was moving No Doze's body, either hiding it there or pulling it out, still not sure, when he got his arm crushed clean off. Anyone wanna see the photos, they're on my Website. Hilarious. Anyway. The upshot is, we got us a nice, big, juicy, bloody fingerprint, which belongs to senor Tuco. Christmas came early to the Schrader household. That is, provided we find this guy. So to all present, I ask you, you wanna find this guy?

Everyone: Yeah!

Hank: What the hell was that? Jesus. Wanna try that again? Do you want to find this guy?

Everyone: Yeah!

Hank: Are we going to find this guy?

Everyone: Yeah!

Hank: Louder, damn it!

Everyone: Yeah!

Hank: Give me a hell, yeah!

Everyone: Hell, yeah!

Scene: Hallway

Hank: They ain't gonna find him. Guy's in Mexico by now. Appearances, Gomie. It's all about appearances. Listen, I gotta take some personal time.

Steve: Now, in the middle of a manhunt?

Hank: Skyler called last night. It's Walt. He's missing. Just disappeared from the house, and no one's heard from him since.

Steve: Damn. You don't think he...Holler if you need me.

Hank: Thanks a lot, man. Appreciate that.

Scene: White Residence

Skyler: This is the most recent photo. We haven't taken many lately, but that's what he looks like now. Without the hair.

Hank: Hey, it's me. Hey, Tim. Really appreciate you sparing us your day off.

Tim: No worries. Happy to help. Yeah, this is helpful. Good. What about height and weight?

Skyler: Five eleven most recently, about 170. I guess he weighs a little less.

Tim: That's fine. That's close enough. Good. What about other distinguishing features? Tattoos or moles or scars? Anything that might help us.

Skyler: Tattoos? Not really.

Tim: That's fine. Is that the list of medications?

Skyler: Yes. I wrote them all down. And there's no drug interactions. None that are listed. I called his doctor, so, no.

Tim: Has he been depressed?

Skyler: He's been withdrawn lately. A little withdrawn. Last night, he was agitated.

Tim: Agitated.

Skyler: Yeah. When he came home last night, he was agitated, upset.

Tim: Upset in general? Or upset because of something particular?

Skyler: When I asked him what was wrong, he said "I don't know where to begin." Then he just walked out of the bathroom. I was in the tub. Taking a bath. And when I came out about ten minutes later, he was gone.

Tim: Nothing else missing?

Skyler: His keys, wallet, cell phone. Just what was on him. What about the phone call?

Hank: I'm looking into it.

Tim: What phone call?

Skyler: Walt's cell phone rang. He pulled it out, looked at it, and didn't answer it. But then, a short time after, he wandered out of the bathroom. I mean couldn't that be important, right?

Tim: Anything else you can think of?

Skyler: Anything else. I called the credit card providers, and there's no report of any recent activity. Let's see I checked with every hospital within 50 miles. Every police station. Every morgue. So, no, I really don't. I don't have anything else. I was actually hoping that you had something else, being that you're the expert. I'm sorry.

Tim: No worries. I think this is good enough to start. Gives us plenty to work on.

Skyler: Thank you.

Hank: So that cell phone call she's talking about? I ran it.

Tim: And?

Hank: Never happened. No record of it.

Tim: Second cell phone.

Hank: Yeah. I'm thinkin' that.

Scene: Tuco’s House

Skyler (Walt’s Imagination): I understand.

Tuco: Out!

Jesse: Get away from me!

Tuco: Settle down, bitch!

Jesse: You gonna sh**t me? sh**t me in here! I hope I bleed like a mother, too! That way, you have to clean it up!

Tuco: It's your ride, ret*rd. I ain't gotta clean jack. Now get out! Get up! Get up.

Walter: Don't do this, Tuco.
Scene: White Residence

Marie: No more posters?

Skyler: Walter Junior's making more. Thank you, Marie.

Marie: I don't think he'll hurt himself. I mean, he just doesn't strike me as the type. He'll turn up. Okay, the whole tiara thing I just find it bewildering that you didn't believe that...

Skyler: Not now.

Scene: Tuco’s House

Tuco: Empty your pockets. Thought your name was Heisenberg, "Walter Hartwell White?"

Walter: Heisenberg is kind of a pseudonym. A business name.

Tuco: I like doing business with a family man. There's always a lot of collateral. Answer me one thing. Can I trust you?

Walter: Yes, absolutely.

Tuco: Sit down. The DEA h*t my place of business this morning. About a hundred cops looking for me. You two haven't been talking, right? Picked up my whole crew, top to bottom. Everybody except Gonzo. That's weird, right? I mean, don't you think that that's weird?

Walter: That's weird. Yes. Unusual.

Tuco: Unusual. Last two days, I couldn't get Gonzo on the phone. He's been acting all pouty on account of No Doze. Explain to me, how is it my fault that that little bitch did not know his place? I saw this coming. I can see the future, you know? It's this gift that I have deep inside my head. I knew last night they were going to come and try and bust me. Gonzo went and snitched to the cops! That lousy son of a bitch! I trusted him like a brother! I was good to him! I was good! I see Gonzo, I'm going to gut him, I'm going to skin him, and I'm going to stuff his hide for a heavy bag, and every time I h*t him, it's going to be like a lesson to myself! You never, never trust the people that you love!

Jesse: So, you plan to ice Gonzo, like, future tense?

Tuco: What?

Walter: You're saying that Gonzo is currently operating as a police informant, as far as you know? I'm very sorry to hear that. That's disappointing.

Jesse: I'd waste him, too, yo.

Tuco: Shut up.

Jesse: Okay.

Tuco: They're out there looking for me right now. They got ghetto birds and black ops. I need to get high. I need to get good and high. What's with this gak? It smells like head cheese.

Jesse: It's k*ller. Yeah, seriously.

Tuco: So, I was thinking last night. I came up with this great idea. Mexico.

Walter: Mexico?

Tuco: We'll disappear way out in the jungle. We'll set you up in a superlab. We'll do nothing but cook 24-7. And no federales are going to mess with us, because I got my people there. Connections. We're going to make beaucoup bucks, Heisenberg.

Walter: I have a wife and family.

Tuco: So what? You'll get another one.

Walter: I don't want you to take this the wrong way, but I can't just uproot my life like that.

Jesse: Yeah, man. I mean, me, neither.

Tuco: Who's talking to you?

Jesse: You need me, man, 'cause I cooked that scante in your hands. I'll tell you something, yo. You never tried nothing like it. Stink or no stink, one bump, you'll be flying high for days. It's a new product him and I have been working on. Careful when you h*t it. It kicks like a 12-gauge when it comes on. It's got a secret ingredient.

Tuco: What secret ingredient?

Jesse: Chili powder.

Tuco: I hate chili powder. This blue magic, this is money. You keep cooking this, Heisenberg. We're going to rewrite history with this. All right! Time to clean the menudo out from between your ears!

Walter: No, I need him, Tuco. I need him very, very badly. He's my partner. And if he doesn't go, I don't go.

Tuco: I'll tell you this, my cousins are driving up here right now to smuggle us back down, and they're going to be here by sunset, and you're going to be on that truck, or you're going to be d*ad! And you, you better hope they got room in the trunk.

Scene: White Residence

Skyler: Where are you going?

Walter Jr: Louis is taking me to the train station. We'll put these up.

Skyler: No, no, honey. No, I'll do it.

Marie: He wants to help, let him help. I mean, how long has it been since you've slept?

Hank: Yeah, she's right, Sky. Why don't you lay down a while? For Christ sake, you got a bun in the oven.

Walter Jr: I got my cell if you need me.

Skyler: Bye, sweetie.

Walter Jr: I'll see you later.

Skyler: All right.

Walter Jr: Bye.

Marie: Actually, I think the very fact they haven't found him yet bodes well. Well, I mean, if he, you know. Somebody would've smelled something by now.

Skyler: There's got to be something, some detail that we haven't picked up on.

Marie: What about the second cell phone?

Hank: Aw, Jesus.

Marie: We can't just ignore a potential clue, Hank.

Skyler: Okay. What are you talking about?

Hank: The call you said Walt got before he disappeared, there's no record of it with the phone company. No incoming, no dropped calls, nothing.

Skyler: But his phone rang. I heard it.

Hank: Well, all right. Well, then, if that's the case, he must have a second phone.

Skyler: Why? What sense would there be in that?

Hank: All right. Okay. I'm not here to argue with you.

Skyler: No, Hank. You can't just bring up "secret cell phone" and then drop it. What does it mean?

Hank: I don't know, Sky. What do you want me to say? It means Walt has a secret. Everyone's got one from somebody, big or little.

Skyler: "Everyone."

Marie: Skyler, come on. He kept cancer from you for weeks.

Skyler: Then, let's assume there is a second cell phone. So, what? Is he having an affair?

Marie: Walt? Please. What about the marijuana?

Skyler: He's not on pot anymore.

Marie: Says who? Him? Chemotherapy and marijuana go together like apple pie and Chevrolet. Maybe he's addicted to the pot, and he owes his drug dealer a lot of money.

Skyler: You don't get hooked on pot like that.

Marie: How do you know? You didn't even know he had a second cell phone. You have to question this drug dealer person. He may know something.

Hank: Well, I'm telling you, we're grasping at straws here.

Marie: Then grasp.

Scene: Pinkman Residence

Hank: Excuse me. Ma'am? Hi. I'm looking for Jesse. He around?

Mrs. Pinkman: No. I'm afraid not. Why?

Hank: I'm sorry. Hank Schrader. I'm actually hoping to talk to Jesse about my brother-in-law, Walter White. He taught your son chemistry in high school.

Mrs. Pinkman: Oh, Mr. White. Yes, I remember him. That was a long time ago.

Hank: Yes, ma'am. It's my understanding that he and Jesse, they've stayed in touch.

Mrs. Pinkman: Really? Mr. White must've seen some potential in Jesse. He really tried to motivate him. He was one of the few teachers who cared.

Hank: Yeah, Walt's that way. He's a good man.

Mrs. Pinkman: I'm so sorry to hear about his illness. Please pass along our best wishes.

Hank: I certainly will, as soon as he turns up. He's missing, actually. Just kind of walked off or...anyway, which is why I'm going around trying to think of anyone who knows him, even slightly.

Mrs. Pinkman: That's terrible. Anything we can do to help?

Hank: Well, if you could put me in touch with your son. Like I said, we're kind of desperate for leads. Jesse's not answering either phone number I have for him, and no one seems to be home at his house.

Mrs. Pinkman: And why do you think my son and Mr. White would be in touch?

Hank: I don't necessarily. I just...

Mrs. Pinkman: Are you with the police?

Hank: No, ma'am. Not at all. I'm with the Drug Enforcement Administration.

Mrs. Pinkman: Oh, my God. Is my son in trouble?

Hank: I have absolutely no reason to think that, no.

Mrs. Pinkman: Do I need to get a lawyer? You know, you don't seem very forthright about this, coming here and asking questions about my son.

Hank: Mrs. Pinkman, I swear to you, I'm not here on official capacity. I do not care what your son may or may not have done wrong. I just want to find my brother-in-law. His wife is worried sick, and she's got a baby on the way.

Mrs. Pinkman: I'm sorry. I would like to help you, but I have not seen my son in over a month. I don't expect to see him anytime soon.

Hank: Well, thanks for your time. If you could tell me one more thing. Is Jesse still driving the, uh, '89 Chevy Monte Carlo, as far as you know?

Mrs. Pinkman: If he had spent half as much time and money on his education as he has on that ridiculous bouncing car.

Hank: Lowrider, huh?

Scene: Hank’s Car

Hank: Nah, nothing yet. Listen, do me a solid and check out a '89 Chevy Monte Carlo registered to a one Jesse Pinkman. Specifically? I want to know if the car's got LoJack. It's one of those jackoff lowriders. It's got a good sh*t that there is. If so, can you go ahead and get me a fix on it? Thanks, buddy.
Scene: Tuco’s House

Walter: Chili powder. Did I not already tell you how moronic that was?

Jesse: Whatever, man. At least I tried something. It almost worked, too. How's about you leaving my g*n? First you boost it, then you leave it in your house. My g*n.

Walter: How was I supposed to know you were chauffeuring Tuco to my doorstep?

Jesse: Well, at least he wants you alive. Hey, I don't get it. If Tuco didn't k*ll Gonzo, then who did?

Walter: I don't know. I don't know. Does it really matter? If he finds out that Gonzo is d*ad and not a police informant, who does he automatically blame? Us. We need a plan. Think, think.

Jesse: Let's just bum-rush him, man. You know, you crack him over the head with something, and I'll go for his g*n.

Walter: "Crack him over the head with something?’”

Jesse: And you got the C-b*mb, man. You're as good as checked out already. You should be, like, all sacrificial, jumping on a grenade, yo.

Walter: Oh, so my life is not the priority here, because I'm going to be d*ad soon anyway. That's your point? We gotta get him to take this.

Jesse: He don't much like the taste of chili P. That much has been established. So unless you can convince him to booty bump...

Tuco: Eat. We've got a long ride ahead of us. Go and sit. You're looking a little weak, Heisenberg. I don't want you to go belly up before we get there. Take it easy, tio. I will feed you. I eat first. That's the deal. What? I get it, I get it, I get it. You greedy old bastard. I tell you, Heisenberg. Old people. You feed them, huh? You put them in a really nice crib in the country, and yet they gotta steal the food off your plate. You better eat every bite of that. What did you do that for? God!

Scene: Later at Tuco’s

Tuco: Look. Lookit. There's nothing left. What? What do you want? Don't even tell me that you're hungry. Don't go there. Are you mad-dogging them, tio? What, you don't like them? One ding. That means "yes." Tio don't like you. Why don't you like them, tio? You don't trust them? Why don't you trust them, tio?

Walter: Tuco, come on. I mean, he's, there's clearly some dementia. He's not lucid.

Tuco: Did they do something to you, tio? Something that you don't like? What did they do to you? What did you do to my tio?

Walter: Nothing.

Tuco: Bullshit! My tio does not lie!

Walter: I don't know. I swear. I don't know. Maybe, I did change the channel on his TV, but that's it.

Jesse: Yeah, that’s it, while you were cooking, he was watching one of those those "telenovels" with all those ripe honeys on it? He was really into it. I told you not to change the channel, man! Dude needs his eye candy. That's it.

Tuco: Is that it, tio? Is that it, tio? Did they change your mamitas? What are you telling me, tio? Are they punking me?

Jesse: No, man.

Tuco: Come here! Shut up!

Scene: Outside

Jesse: Please, no! Please, no! No, God! I don't want to die!

Tuco: Tell me what you did, Walter!

Jesse: Jesus! I don't want to die!

Tuco: Tell me what you did!

Walter: We tried to poison you. We tried to poison you, because you're an insane, degenerate piece of filth, and you deserve to die.

Jesse: Who's the bitch now?

Walter: Let him bleed. The keys! Oh, my God. The cousins?

Jesse: What the hell's going on?

Hank: Jesse Pinkman. You're a hard man to find. Aw, shit. Easy.

Walter: Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Hank.

Jesse: Who?

Walter: Hank.

Jesse: What?

Walter: Oh, my God.

Jesse: What?

Walter: Oh, my God.

Jesse: What are you doing?

[Episode 3]
Jesse: It's a bold plan, Mr. White. You sure this is the way to go?

Scene: Hospital

Skyler: What does he remember?

Doctor: Not a whole lot. He came in dehydrated and disoriented but once we gave him fluids he s*ab pretty quickly.

Skyler: But, I mean he knows where he is?

Doctor: Yes, absolutely. It's only the last day or so that seems to be missing. Go on in, he's probably awake.

Walter: My God. I'm so sorry. Come here.

Walter Jr: You know who I am, right?

Walter: Yes, son. I know who you are. Come here, give your old man a hug. It's so good to see you.

Skyler: How do you feel?

Walter: Better. I feel like myself. Really, I mean, the last couple days are missing, but other than that, I feel fine.

Skyler: My God, Walt.

Walter: What a day this has been?

Walter Jr: So, Uncle Hank. He was in a sh**t-out.

Walter: A sh**t-out?

Walter Jr: He k*lled some guy. Some big drug dealer. Uncle Hank wasted him.

Walter: My God. Is he all right?

Skyler: Absolutely fine.

Walter: But where did this happen? How could he be...

Skyler: Walt, everything's okay. We're all okay.

Scene: Later at Hospital

Skyler: And no idea what caused it?

Dr. Delcavoli: But they're gonna run a whole series of tests, so.

Skyler: But what could it be? Did they give you a worst-case scenario?

Dr. Delcavoli: I really, there's no point in getting ahead of ourselves.

Scene: Police Station

Marie: Which supermarket? Is it, like, a big one? Like, a chain? Don't get me wrong. I think it's just great that he's back and he's feeling better. I just, I mean, naked? He was naked naked. In a supermarket. It wasn't Whole Foods, was it? In any case, I'm gonna get over there as soon as I can.

Skyler: Don't worry about it right now, Marie. How's Hank?

Marie: I ran over here and I got to see him all of 30 seconds before they yanked him away. You'd think today of all days, they'd let him go home on time.

Skyler: But how is he? Really?

Marie: He's indestructible, you know that.

Hank: I identified myself and told the suspect to show his hands, turn and face me. At this point, I identified the suspect as Mr. Salamanca and observed what appeared to be a g*n wound in his midsection.

Ramey: He was sh*t previous to your arrival?

Hank: Yes, sir. Again I instructed him to show his hands. Mr. Salamanca lunged toward the vehicle and fired on me with what I ascertained to be an M16 as*ault r*fle. I returned f*re and sought cover as Mr. Salamanca proceeded to engage me. When he paused to reload I was able to take an effective sh*t.

Ramey: Agent Schrader, what were you doing in a sh**ting fight on your own, with no backup?

Hank: Mr. Salamanca's presence was not something I'd anticipated. I was tending to another matter.

Ramey: What other matter?

Hank: An unrelated family matter.

Merkert: Searching for your brother-in-law as I understand.

Ramey: Your brother-in-law?

Hank: Yes, sir. He's since been found. He's fine. The whole thing was a misunderstanding. But at the time, he'd been missing for several hours and, since he's in poor health, the whole family was concerned. I was talking to his friends and acquaintances trying to get a fix on his whereabouts. The Monte Carlo at the scene belonged to a former student of his, Jesse Pinkman. I was tracking down Mr. Pinkman's car when I came across Mr. Salamanca.

Merkert: And what about this Pinkman? What was his car doing at the crime scene? Have you run him down yet?

Hank: Not yet, but we're working on it.

Scene: Outside Jesse’s House

Badger: Man, they're like Jehovah's witnesses. They don't give up. I don't get it. Why don't they just kick your door down?

Jesse: They need probable cause.

Badger: "Probable cause?" Yo, what'd you do? Rob a bank?

Jesse: I told you, this is serious shit. I'm like an outlaw. Let's do this.

Scene: Basement

Badger: Holy christ! You're Willy Wonka! You are Willy Wonka, and I got the golden ticket! Put me on your magical boat, man! Sail me down your chocolatey river of meth! So, where you keep the pseudo?

Jesse: It's a P2P cook. That barrel? Aqueous methylamine. With that, you don't need pseudo. Come on, help me out, man!

Badger: No pseudo? Come to me, beautiful baby. I'm gonna be so good to you.

Jesse: Just take this, here.

Badger: But I can't just let you break this down. That'd be sacrilege!

Jesse: I told you, that's why we're here. You saw the cops! All right?

Badger: Sure. But couldn't we just cook one quick batch? For the road?

Jesse: No, forget it, all right? This stuff has to go, like, now.

Badger: You owe me! We're cool and all, but I ain't forgetting you just left me stranded.

Jesse: God, Badger! Don't mess with me! Got it?

Badger: I got it.

Jesse: My God. Okay, that's all of it.

Badger: This is a bad choice.

Scene: Driveway

Jesse: You sure about this guy?

Badger: He's totally, totally cool. He's my cousin.

Jesse: Yo, what'd we say, 500?

Clovis: We didn't say, and it's 1,000.

Jesse: $1,000? C'mon, where you towing it, man, Seattle?

Clovis: It ain't the miles, it's the cargo.

Jesse: Dude, all I got on me is $560.

Badger: You know what? Clovis! He'll pay you the rest later. He's totally good for it! Jesse's a stand-up dude.

Clovis: That right? You a "stand-up dude?"

Jesse: Yeah, I am. I will get you the other $500.

Clovis: $500 more. Your word's bond, right?

Jesse: Right.

Badger: I saved your skinny ass, yo. I totally vouched for you.

Jesse: What are you doing now, exactly?

Badger: I'm giving you, like, two hours and then I'm calling on a pay phone, not a cell phone.

Jesse: You're not using your own name.

Badger: I mean, obviously. Look, dude, I'll do, like, what you said, but why do you gotta go and do this?

Jesse: They need probable cause. I'm giving it to them.

Scene: Hospital

Doctor: What's the last thing you remember?

Walter: I was driving home. I think.

Skyler: Do you remember coming home? You came in, and I asked why you were out of breath? You don't remember talking to me when I was in the bathtub?

Walter: No, I'm sorry, I don't.

Doctor: Nothing else? No fleeting images?

Walter: I don't know. I was walking down some road or highway with a lot of headlights, and I remember feeling fear. Thank you.

Dr. Delcavoli: There's definitely some good news here. The MRI shows no metastases.

Skyler: Meaning the cancer hasn't spread to the brain?

Dr. Delcavoli: Yeah, we're looking really good.

Skyler: Thank God. So, what was it, then?

Nurse: Well, there's no sign of stroke or seizure. And considering your condition, the blood panel looks good.

Skyler: Then what are we talking about? What happened?

Dr. Delcavoli: As of right now, we really can't say.

Walter: Forgive me. Granted, this is not my field, but isn't it possible that this had something to do with all the prescriptions I've been taking? There's the antiemetic, the antitussive, the this, the that, not to mention the chemo itself. And being off all of them for the past few days, I have to say, I'm feeling much better.

Skyler: And when we pick up these medications, the information sheets are as long as your arm. I mean, it's page after page of side effects and and warnings.

Walter: Right, exactly. Could it be that simple?

Dr. Delcavoli: We'll take another look at that, sure. Walt, I understand that you've been kind of stressed out lately.

Walter: Stressed out? No, I don't think I'm...

Skyler: Walt, please. "Stressed out" is putting it mildly.

Walter: I guess I've had a lot on my mind lately, but as I've said, I'm feeling much better. Shouldn't we be talking about when I can get out of here?

Dr. Delcavoli: That may still be a ways down the road.

Walter: "A ways down the road?"

Dr. Delcavoli: Actually, I think our next move is to schedule a psychiatric evaluation.

Walter: Now, is that absolutely necessary?

Dr. Delcavoli: Nobody likes being in the hospital. I get that. But until we know what caused this incident we can't be certain it won't recur.

Scene: Motel

Jesse: That your last h*t? Finish it quick.

Agent: Get on your stomach now! Get over, roll. Do it now!

Jesse: I'm going, I'm going. What's going on? What'd I do?

Hank: Jesse Pinkman, I presume.

Scene: Interrogation Room

Jesse: What, man?

Hank: Tell me again.

Jesse: Again? What's there to tell, okay? Her and I were partying, that's it.

Hank: Since Saturday night? Partying for three days straight. Just bumping uglies and smoking that crystal you got from your pal Tuco?

Jesse: Taco? I don't know any Taco, and I damn sure didn't say anything about no crystal.

Hank: Three days, you must have got hungry.

Jesse: Yeah, I guess.

Hank: You order take-out? Yeah, where from? You get yourself a little of that Moo goo gai pan from that chink place around the corner?

Jesse: No, no, we didn't. We got stuff from the vending machine. You know, Funyuns. I had a Hot Pocket.

Hank: Funyuns and Hot Pockets? And you didn't notice your car was gone?

Jesse: No, not until you guys went and busted down the door. Now who's gonna pay for that? Management's gonna be on my ass for sure.

Hank: Why didn't you answer your cell phone?

Jesse: It was in my car.

Hank: That right?

Jesse: Yeah.

Hank: We found your car, but your phone wasn't in it.

Jesse: You found my car? You found my car? Awesome! DEA all the way!

Hank: Since we're talking about missing property, did you leave anything else in the car?

Jesse: Like what?

Hank: Like what, like, like this?

Jesse: That's not mine.

Hank: That's not yours? Says it's not his, Gomie. Gee, I really thought this might be yours.

Jesse: I wish.

Steve: Unclaimed drug money. Nice.

Hank: You know what we got here, Gomie, don't ya? That's a new interdiction van right there. Definitely some new softball jerseys, 'cause we need 'em. Good thing Tuco's already d*ad. I lost this kind of money, I'd wanna k*ll myself. So, who's your chief, li'l injun?

Jesse: What? What does that even mean?

Hank: It means I think your story's bullshit. I think you know who Tuco Salamanca was. I think your car was there 'cause you were there. Tuco had a b*llet in him when I got there, and I think you know something about that, too.

Jesse: So, what are you saying? I sh*t someone? With, like, a g*n?

Hank: You? No. Only sh**ting you do is into a kleenex. But I think you know the badass who did.

Jesse: Look, I was partying with Wendy.

Hank: Funyuns and boom-boom. I don't think so. Tell you what, we're gonna, go talk to that skinny, yeast factory of a girlfriend you got. And you know what? I got a feeling she's gonna, you know, roll on you. Don't go nowhere.

Wendy: Where's my root beer? Come on! I gotta pee, and I got low blood sugar. I got medical issues.

Hank: Medical issues? Like what kind of medical issues? You got penis withdrawal? You got "Schlongus interruptus?” Wendy, listen, talk to me, and you get a root beer and a tinkle. Now tell me the last three days.

Wendy: I told you, we were shacked up since Saturday.

Hank: Neither of you left the room? Not even for a little, little minute? Not even for a second?

Wendy: For a second? I dunno, maybe.

Hank: Maybe? Did Jesse leave the room? He did, didn't he? Wendy, you can do it. You can do it, Wendy. You know you wanna go back to giving windys, Wendy.

Wendy: It's you. I know you. You're the one in the black truck. You wanted me to do that kid.

Steve: What?

Wendy: The kid with the crutches. The football player.

Hank: How about we stay on topic?

Wendy: Look, Jesse came over to the palace at eleven o'clock Saturday night. We were together the whole time, and he never left the room. And that's all I'm saying about that. Now, come on. Where's my root beer?

Scene: Office

Steve: You wanted her to bang a football player, you pervert?

Hank: It's a long story, Gomie.

Steve: I'm sure it is, and I wanna hear it, but first we gotta kick Pinkman loose.

Hank: Not yet. I got one more sh*t at that little skid mark.

Scene: Hospital

Psychiatrist: And how are you sleeping?

Walter: Fine. Most nights. Good.

Psychiatrist: Have you noticed any recurring thoughts or images, things you can't get out of your head? How about feelings of guilt or persecution?

Walter: No, look, Doctor. I don't mean to be rude, but where is this going, exactly?

Psychiatrist: We're starting a process, Walt, an ongoing process. Do you prefer Walt or Walter?

Walter: Ongoing for how long?

Psychiatrist: I just met you, it's hard to say. We could be talking about days, weeks, months.

Walter: Look, Doctor, I feel fine, really. Now, if this is truly necessary, can't I continue as an outpatient?

Psychiatrist: A fugue state is a very serious event. What if you were to disassociate while driving? What if you were to get into a situation where you could be sh*t by the police? You understand, we can't allow you to leave until we're certain what happened was a non-recurring event. Saying you feel fine doesn't solve this.

Walter: Would you tell me about patient confidentiality?

Psychiatrist: It's very straightforward. Without your permission, I can't disclose anything you tell me to anyone.

Walter: What about my family?

Psychiatrist: Not your family, not to the police. Not to anyone. The only exception would be if you thr*at to k*ll someone. Then I'd be able to tell that person, but only that person.

Walter: And you, as a medical practitioner, you abide by these strictures.

Psychiatrist: Absolutely.

Walter: All right. There was no fugue state. I remember everything. The truth is, I couldn't stand to spend another second in that house. I just had to get out. And so I left. I didn't think about it. I just did it. I walked for a long time, and when I couldn't walk anymore, I hitchhiked. I got as far as Gallup, and then it was just time to come home.

Psychiatrist: So, being found naked in a supermarket, that was your way of giving credibility to a lie? Of avoiding questions about your disappearance? Why run away? What did you feel you had to run from?

Walter: Doctor, my wife is seven months pregnant with a baby we didn't intend. My 15-year-old son has cerebral palsy. I am an extremely overqualified high school chemistry teacher. When I can work, I make $43,700 per year. I have watched all of my colleagues and friends surpass me in every way imaginable, and within 18 months, I will be d*ad. And you ask why I ran?

Scene: Interrogation Room

Hank: Gomie, you wanna do the honors?

Steve: Buenas tardes, señor Salamanca. ¿Entiendes en inglés?

Hank: What's that mean?

Nurse: That means "yes." "Yes" is a bell, "no" is no bell.

Jesse: Come on, this is bullshit! Look at this dude. He doesn't even know what planet he's living on.

Steve: Señor, are we on the planet Mars? Are we on the planet Saturn? Are we on the planet Earth? Señor, is today Friday? Is today Monday? Is today Tuesday?

Hank: Seems like he's all there. Let's go for it.

Steve: Was this man at your house yesterday? Was this man at your house yesterday?

Hank: This guy right here, he was at your house, right? Was he doing business with your nephew Tuco?

Steve: Are you scared of this man?

Hank: Nah, he's not scared. Come on, granddad. Don't you want to help us out?

Steve: Oh, man.

Hank: I guess that's a no.

Steve: I told you, numbnuts. This guy's OG. Kept his mouth shut for 17 years in San Quentin. Stroke or no stroke, old school g*ngb*ng Mexicans don't help the Feds.

Hank: All right already. It was worth a try at least.

Steve: We gotta kick Pinkman loose. It's all right. He's nobody anyway.

Hank: What, you telling me you buy that lame-ass story of his?

Steve: I buy that lame-ass story more than I buy he had anything to do with sh**ting Tuco, man.

Scene: Parking Lot

Jesse: Dad? Hey, Dad. Can you hear me? I'm fine. I'm, uh, what's She did? No, I didn't get any messages. You know, actually I lost my phone, and I've been too busy to get a new one. I've been busy as sh... Totally productive. Hey, you know what? I'm actually zeroing in on a job. Data entry, like we talked about. I'm totally amped. Could you give me a ride? I'm actually, I'm downtown and my car's in the... No, that's cool. I will call you later when you have some...I get it. I get it. Thanks. So, what are you doing now?

Wendy: Waffle House?

Jesse: Waffle House is good.

Scene: Hospital

Walter: Pay phone?

Jesse: Pay phone, in the middle of nowhere, nobody followed. How'd it go?

Walter: Okay. You?

Jesse: They sweated me plenty, but they finally cut me loose. So you getting out of there?

Walter: Tomorrow. So, who came for you? The DEA? What did they ask you?

Jesse: That's the thing, you know. Your scumbag brother-in-law took my rainy day fund.

Walter: Your what? What is that?

Jesse: My rainy day fund, $68,000, okay? Cueball son of a bitch laughed in my face. Now I got like $80 to my name.

Walter: Wait, wait. What does he know? Does he know it's your money?

Jesse: No, man, he doesn't know shit, okay? The plan worked. They bought it. I got bills due, man. I'm screwed.

Walter: Did he mention my name?

Jesse: No, thanks for caring.

Walter: What about the basement?

Jesse: It's clean.

Walter: And the RV?

Jesse: Badger's cousin took it to his garage. It's safe.

Walter: Can he get it running again?

Jesse: Why?

Walter: So we can cook.

Jesse: So you still wanna cook? Seriously?

Walter: What's changed, Jesse?

Walter: 737,000. 21 pounds, minus cash on hand...cash on hand.

Scene: White Residence

Skyler: Sorry, honey. Did I wake you?

Walter Jr: No, I was awake.

Skyler: Want some cornflakes?

Walter Jr: Sure.

Skyler: You okay?

Scene: Police Station

Steve: Southwest Aniline? Again? What's this?

Hank: It's the blue meth we found up by your late homie.

Steve: Tuco wasn't my homie, anymore than Charlie Manson was yours.

Hank: Lab says it got cooked, P2P-style.

Steve: P2P, huh? So what are you thinking? The two stooges over here cooked it?

Hank: Lab said that blue meth's the purest they've seen. At least since this.

Steve: Krazy-8.

Hank: Yeah. Krazy-8, Tuco...Somehow, some way, it's all connected. A simple explanation, only I'm not seeing it. And it's making my head hurt.

Steve: That's 'cause you're working that ugly melon too hard. It's d*ad around here. Let's go get a couple of beers.

Hank: It's 11 in the morning.

Steve: I'm buying.

Hank: You're buying? Holy crap. What, is it Cinco de Mayo already?

Everyone: Surprise!

Hank: You sneaky bastard, you!

Merkert: Very nice work.

Hank: Thank you, sir. What's this? Look at that, I love it!

Steve: They got the gut right.

Hank: Thanks, man. Thank you.

Steve: We all got you a little something. This is from all of us.

Hank: You shouldn't have. You sick, sick puppies. I love it!

Scene: Hospital

Walter Jr: You going to finish your apple juice?

Walter: No thanks, buddy. You take it.

Walter Jr: You're supposed to drink it. The nurse said you have to stay hydrated.

Walter: But I'm not thirsty.

Walter Jr: Dad. Drink it.

Hank: Better late than never, huh? How you doing, buddy? You all right? I see the Mark of the Beast there, huh?

Walter: Marie stopped by this morning. They really cheer the place up.

Hank: I ran into Sky downstairs. They're rounding up a wheelchair for you, you free-loading bastard!

Walter Jr: So tell us about the sh**t-out.

Hank: You know, just doing my job. Whole thing was over in about five seconds. Say, Walt, you know, how are you?

Walter: I'm okay. Really, I'm feeling fine. The doctor is calling it an "isolated episode of transient global amnesia."

Hank: Damn.

Walter: Which means non-recurring.

Hank: Non-recurring. That sounds good. Sounds real good. I'll tell you what, I'm glad you're back. You really gave us a scare.

Walter: Listen, Hank. I don't know what to say. You going out there looking for me put you in danger, and I'm so sorry, sorry doesn't even cut it. Not nearly.

Hank: Is that what you're worried about? Forget it. At the office, they're treating me like I'm Elliot Ness, okay? They threw me a party, the gals baked me a chocolate-chip cake like you wouldn't believe, okay? You ought to disappear more often. Just kidding. Don't do that. Hey, look. Look what they gave me.

Walter Jr: What is it?

Hank: That, gentlemen, is the grill of the guy I sh*t.

Walter Jr: His grill?

Hank: Yeah, it kind of goes over the front teeth like that, you know? Sort of a fashion statement, I guess. Certain folks are attracted to shiny things.

Walter Jr: Wow, cool.

Scene: Walter and Skyler’s Bedroom

Walter: I can't tell you how good it feels to be home.

Skyler: I'll get these in the wash.

Walter: Say, honey, I was just thinking about going out to 7-11. Do you need anything? Big Gulp? Slim Jim? Skyler, listen to me. This will not happen again, okay? I won't let it. I'm still here. I'm me. And we're gonna be okay.

Skyler: Do you have a second cell phone?

Walter: A second cell phone?

Skyler: The night you disappeared, you came in when I was taking a bath, and you were very upset. It was like something terrible had happened. And then your cell phone rang. I saw you check the number, and then you got up and just disappeared. And when Hank checked your phone records, there was no call. No call on the phone I know about.

Walter: That is odd. I don't remember any of that. But one thing I am sure of is that I don't have a second cell phone.

[Episode 4]
Scene: Convenience Store

Homeless Man: Captain America. What's up, brother?

Jesse: Hey, bro.

Jesse: This is stupid.

Walter: You got a better idea?

Jesse: Okay, fine. Whatever. So when do we, you know?

Walter: We don't, for now. No cooking until things settle down.

Jesse: Settle down? I thought you're the one that said nothing's changed.

Walter: Look, I just put my family through an ordeal that they're just now starting to accept, okay? I can't...ah, that's too expensive. Look, I can't leave my house for more than 20 minutes without my wife worrying. I need time to mend fences.

Jesse: So while you're fixing fences, what about me, huh? Your A-hole brother-in-law took all my money.

Walter: That's $600.

Jesse: What about the rest?

Walter: Rest of what?

Jesse: Half your money's mine. You know, 50/50 partners. That's your business motto.

Walter: Meaning what, exactly? That I suffer for your carelessness?

Jesse: You're the one who wanted to work with Tuco. If it weren't for that, none of this would've happened.

Walter: Just be cool. We'll talk about this later, okay? As for now, no contact. Understood? Where are you going? I leave first.

Scene: White Residence

Skyler: Walt?

Walter: In the kitchen.

Walter Jr: I didn't know you were allowed to touch the stove.

Walter: Hilarious, Groucho. Go on, grab a seat. Juice is on the table. Good morning, honey.

Walter Jr: Hey, Mom. Dad's cooking breakfast.
Walter: But don't worry. I'm also doing all the dishes. Nice? Follow me. There's also orange juice and grapefruit juice, which, personally, as you know, I've never been a fan of. But considering all the polyphenols and the albuminoids, can't hurt.

Skyler: You didn't have to do this.

Walter: I wanted to. Grapefruit juice?

Walter Jr: Yes, please. Thanks.

Walter: There you go. Honey?

Skyler: I'll stick with orange, thank you.

Walter: All right. Dig in, dig in. Pancakes are not getting hotter.

Walter: All right. Got one. Steely Dan.

Walter Jr: No.

Walter: Yes, absolutely. No, in terms of pure musicianship, I would put them up against any current band you could name.

Walter Jr: You wouldn't know any current bands.

Walter: That's besides the point.

Skyler: Have a good day, honey.

Walter Jr: You too.

Walter: Boz Scaggs. There's another one.

Walter Jr: Whoever they are. Thanks for breakfast.

Walter: You're welcome. Tell Louis to drive carefully, will you?

Walter Jr: All right.

Walter: Our son doesn't know who Boz Scaggs is. We have failed as parents.

Skyler: Come to think of it, I barely know who Boz Scaggs is.

Walter: Stop it.

Skyler: Give me your plate.
Walter: I'll get it. I'll get it. Hey, listen, in the calendar section, all week long, there's a fiction writer's seminar at UNM. And, you know, probably talking about how to get published and that sort of thing. You know, so, anyway, I thought maybe you might I mean, I'll go with you if you like. And I was thinking about what you asked me the other night. You know, you were wondering if I had a second cell phone. And, well, I've been thinking about that a lot, and I think what you heard was my cell phone alarm going off. I've been using it a lot as a medication reminder to well, remind me to take my medication. And the weird thing is that the alarm sound is almost exactly the same as the regular phone ring, which is really a poor design, if you ask me. But I think that was probably it. I tried to go in and change it to a different sound, other than the phone ring, but they over complicate these things. Anyway, it was probably just as well that I lost it. There's got to be a new one on the market by now. You know, if we do this thing at UNM, maybe on the way home, we can stop by, and I can get a new cell phone. Skyler?

Scene: Law Firm

Lawyer: Ready?

Jesse: Yo, for what might help. Not another intervention.

Lawyer: Jesse Bruce Pinkman, pursuant to Section 47-8-13 of the New Mexico Real Property Code, you are hereby given notice to vacate the premises listed as 9809 Margo, Albuquerque, 87104.

Jesse: Wait. What? You're kicking me out of my own house?

Mr. Pinkman: It's your aunt Ginny's house.

Jesse: She gave it to me.

Mr. Pinkman: She never gave it to you, Jesse.

Lawyer: You were allowed residentiary privileges. Your parents have always been the property owners.

Jesse: Look, we talked about this, okay? I'd sell the house, we'd split it 50/50. That was the deal. What the hell happened?

Mr. Pinkman: What happened is you're a speed manufacturer.

Jesse: No, I'm not. What?

Mrs. Pinkman: A DEA agent came looking for you, Jesse. He came to our front door.

Jesse: Because I've actually been helping them, which I could get into a lot of trouble for telling you, so you're welcome.

Mrs. Pinkman: I saw your basement. I was worried, so I went over there and I let myself in, and I found your laboratory.

Jesse: You guys have your own key?

Lawyer: Manufacture of a Schedule II controlled substance is a second-degree felony. Under federal asset seizure, the government can take the entire house.

Jesse: It's not even there anymore. I cleaned it all out.

Mr. Pinkman: Son, we can't stop you from ruining your life, but you will not drag us down with you.

Lawyer: Vacate the house in 72 hours. Otherwise, your parents have authorized me to contact the authorities. Is that clear? Do you have any questions for us? Three days, Mr. Pinkman.

Mr. Pinkman: Come on.

Scene: White Residence

Walter: I fixed the garage door.

Skyler: Great.

Walter: One track was bent. That's why it was bouncing. Where were you today?

Skyler: Out.

Walter: Is everything okay?

Skyler: Everything's fine.

Walter: For what it's worth, I was thinking about going back to those meetings, the cancer support group.

Skyler: I think that's good.

Walter: Yeah, that's good. You were right on the money about that. It's good to, you know, talk about things.

Skyler: I think that's great.

Scene: Jesse’s House

Mrs. Pinkman: Jesse. Jesse. Hey, Jesse. You don't answer your phone?

Jesse: No, I've just been pretty busy. How'd you...oh, right, you have that key. Hey, listen. So I've been thinking a lot about our conversation we had the other day, and I completely get why Dad totally tweaked off on me like that and...

Mrs. Pinkman: It's not just your father, Jesse.

Jesse: I know. I know. I'm just saying it's a really, really big wake-up call for me, which is why I wanted to talk to you. I've been thinking real seriously about business school, actually, and you can do the whole thing from your computer now, and no, Mom, Mom. Hey, this is good. You know, we're talking, starting a dialogue.

Mrs. Pinkman: The time for talking has passed, Jesse.

Jesse: Hey! Hey! What the hell, yo? I thought it was just a wake-up call.

Mrs. Pinkman: We are putting it in storage. When you decide to grow up, you can have it back.

Jesse: Why don't you grow up, Mom? Ginny wanted me here. I was the one who took care of her. I took her to her appointments and made her lunch every day. I earned this!

Mrs. Pinkman: You did not make her lunch every day.

Jesse: What did you do, huh? She's lying there dying, and where the hell are you?

Mrs. Pinkman: Don't start with me.

Jesse: Now what, you've decided to, I don't know, make your eldest son homeless? Wow! Great family, Mom!

Mrs. Pinkman: Why are you like this? Why? You have two sets of keys and the padlock to the garage. Leave them on the kitchen counter when you leave.

Jesse: No, Mom! Mom! Where am I supposed to go?

Mrs. Pinkman: I don't know, sweetheart. But please turn your life around.

Jesse: Yeah, this is gonna help big time with that! Bitch!

Scene: White Residence

Louis: Oh, hey, Mr. White.

Walter: That's the way. Don't just sit out there honking. Come in and say hello. We've got omelets. You want an omelet?

Louis: No, I'm good.

Walter: New Mexican Christmas style, red and green chilies.

Louis: No. Thank you, though. Flynn and me gotta get going.

Walter: Who's Flynn?

Louis: Flynn. He's your...

Walter: Flynn?

Walter Jr: Yeah, so?

Walter: So? Nothing.

Walter Jr: You ready?

Walter: Like it.

Louis: Bye, Mr. White.

Walter: Flynn? You know about this Flynn thing? As in what, Errol?

Skyler: I don't know. It's what he likes to be called these days.

Walter: What's wrong with Walter Jr?

Skyler: Don't take it personally. He wants his own identity.

Walter: You think he told Louis about me? About the blackout?

Skyler: Louis is his friend, Walt, and your disappearance upset him.

Walter: I made omelets.

Skyler: I'm going out, but thanks, though.

Walter: Where are you going?

Skyler: Can you get the phone, please?

Walter: Yeah. Absolutely. White residence.

Jesse: Yo, it's me. Is this a good time?

Walter: What part of "no contact" didn't you understand?

Jesse: I know but there's a problem.

Walter: I don't care. We agreed. No amount of pay-per-view channels is gonna make any difference. Honey, we're happy with our cable provider, right? We're happy. Skyler, where are you going? Can you at least tell me that?

Skyler: Out. Should probably get that, Walt. I'll be back in a few hours.

Walter: What?

Jesse: Yo, I get I shouldn't call, but I'm in a situation over here, and I need my money.

Walter: I just gave you $600.

Jesse: Yeah, and thanks, Daddy Warbucks, but that was before my housing situation went completely testicular on me, okay?

Walter: You smoked the entire 600, didn't you.

Jesse: What? No!

Walter: Jesse.

Jesse: No!

Walter: Look, Jesse, your problems are just that. Your problems. No contact. Do not call here ever. When the moment is right, I will call.

Jesse: Mr. White, you're not listening! They're kicking me out of my house!

Walter: You son of a bitch.

Scene: Jesse’s House

Jesse: Ow, son of a bitch! Thank you. Thank you so much. Thanks, man! Hey, guy! You forgot something! You forgot your ice trays! You're gonna need the ice trays! Forgot something here! Take this!

Scene: Paul’s House

Jesse: (singing) Black is the color but beauty is the game. The beasties come to get me but I don’t feel the pain. Fallacies, fallacies, fallacies, fallacies, fallacies, fallacies, fallacies, fallacies!

Paul: Hold on, buddy.

Jesse: Yo, we should get TwaughtHammer up and running again, yo. I'm serious.

Paul: I know. That sounded tight.

Jesse: Hey, thanks again, P. I made sure this stock knock exterminator put me on his speed dial. Two nights tops.

Paul: You still staying at your aunt's on Morgo?

Jesse: Yeah. I'm thinking of moving. Nob Hill, probably.

Paul: Jesse-matic, living the dream. Okay, buddy, listen. You're gonna eat your carrots?

Ben: Too hot.

Paul: No, buddy. Remember? Come on. Yes. Listen, hey, talk to me, man. Are you still having mad relations out there? You can talk to me. I won't hate a player.

Jesse: I can't lie. It's pretty hectic out there female-wise.

Paul: Damn. I'm hating, man.

Jesse: See, that's why we need to get the Hammer up and running, you know? Get you out of the house.

Paul: How awesome would that be? Come on. Look. What? I cut all the green parts off like you. Just eat them. Please?

Jesse: We should do this, you know? Track down Chivo and Anthony and demo up. Get back in the scene.

Paul: I'm sorry, man. Just hold on one second, all right? Okay, listen. How about you take a bite of your sandwich, and then you take...Mommy's home! Hi.

Wife: Hello.

Paul: Hey, honey, you remember Jesse Pinkman? His house is getting bug b*mb, and I said he could crash a few nights.

Wife: Hey, Jesse.

Jesse: Hey.

Wife: Paul, could you help me in the bedroom with these?

Paul: Sure.

Jesse: Yeah, I used to not like carrots, too.

Wife: Hey, Ben, I think it's someone's nap time. Come on.

Paul: Man, dude, you're gonna k*ll me. I totally spaced that the in-laws are crashing this weekend. You got other people to call?

Jesse: No, that's cool. I got tons of people. Yo, in-laws? Sucks to be you, P.

Paul: Yeah, I know, huh? Dude, here. See you, man. It's good to see you.

Scene: Payphone

Jesse: Look, I'm asking to crash three, maybe four nights. I already called Badger, all right? I called everyone. I need a solid here, bro. Yeah, whatever. All right. All right. How about this? What if it's just for tonight? Wait. No, you cannot be serious. You cannot be serious!

Homeless Man: Someone took your bike, man. Not cool.

Scene: White Residence

Walter Jr: Morning.

Walter: Morning.

Walter Jr: Where did Mom go?

Walter: Out.

Walter Jr: Where's breakfast?

Walter: Let's go do something.

Walter Jr: Like what?

Walter: Something fun.

Scene: Empty Parking Lot

Walter: All right, ready? Let's put it in gear. Is your foot on the...okay. Good.

Walter Jr: Yeah. I got it.

Walter: Good. Yes. Nice and smooth. Good. Just like that. Good. I like the hands at 10 and 2. Very nice. Okay, let's slow down here to a stop in preparation for a left-hand turn. All right. You might want to go easier on the brake.

Walter Jr: Sorry about that.

Walter: That's all right. You're doing fine. Much better than last time, huh?

Walter Jr: Louis has been helping me.

Walter: Has he? Good. Good. Okay. Don't forget the turn indicator. Good. I'll stop talking. You know what you're doing. And let's make that left-hand turn. Nice and smooth. Very nice. Right hand. Good. Good. Okay. Are you using both feet?

Walter Jr: Yeah.

Walter: No. Wait. Wait. No, Walt. You can't do that. You can't use one foot on each pedal.

Walter Jr: Why not?

Walter: Because you can't. Stop, Walt. Okay? All right.

Walter Jr: Dad, this is way easier.

Walter: Come on, there's the easy way, and then there's the right way, right? So let's just try it again, right foot only. All right. Okay? Okay, just you don't have to, okay. All right. That's fine. Just that's okay. Just try it again. Here we go. Let's just try it again. Go just a little easier. Good. Great. That was better. See? Right? Better? Right. The gas, the brake, the gas, the brake.

Walter Jr: I can't do this. My legs don't work that way.

Walter: Your legs are fine. You just have to stick with it. Don't set limits for yourself, Walt. You're all right. We'll get this. I promise. Now let's just try again. All right? All right. Here we go. Well, you don't need to just take off, but all right, here we go. Slow it down just a little bit. All right, we have a turn coming up here, so prepare to apply the brakes. Prepare, Walt, for the brakes. The brakes, the brakes.

Walter Jr: I'm braking!

Walter: You're using both feet again.

Walter Jr: It's not stopping.

Walter: That's the gas. Use the brakes. Brake. That's one way to stop.

Walter Jr: I told you.

Walter: Flynn.

Scene: RV

Clovis: Hands up, assh*le! So help me, I will spread you.

Jesse: No, please, no, all right? It's me, okay? It's Jesse. All right? Look, this is my RV. You towed it. Your cousin Badger, remember?

Clovis: What the hell you doing here? You smell like shit.

Jesse: It's a long story.

Clovis: So I fixed up your felonious rolling laboratory here. $750 for the repair. Make it a grand, counting the toilet, plus the $500 you already owe me, and you're good to drive on out of here to someplace far away, upwind.

Jesse: Here's the thing. I can't pay you today. But I can pay you this week, all right? $1,750? We'll make it $1,750 for, like interest.

Clovis: I thought your word was your bond.

Jesse: It totally is. Definitely. I just don't have the money at this particular moment. But I will, soon.

Clovis: Here's my counter-offer. I kick you out. I take payment from your inventory. I know a guy that'll pay a premium for this kind of crap.

Jesse: All right. 2 grand. Two days, 2 grand. That's totally fair. Just don't take my cook stuff. All right? That's all I got left. Please, all right? I really God, I really need a break here.

Scene: Outside Gate

Jesse: Clovis, come on.

Clovis: I don't know. There's a bunch of stuff in there. There's something called methylamine. Me Meth However the hell you pronounce it. Methylamine. I don't know. I banged on it. It sounds pretty full to me. Holy shit. How much?

Scene: White Residence

Walter: Skyler. Louis took Walt to school. I was thinking maybe this would be a good time to talk. I dreamt that I owned an antique bicycle repair shop. In Ireland. Weird.

Skyler: Sounds weird.

Walter: I wanted to apologize for everything. My desire for privacy. My emotional unavailability. Having cancer doesn't excuse all that. I haven't been a good partner to you, and for that I'm very sorry. I love you. And I love this family. And I just want to make sure that we don't lose contact.

Skyler: Thank you. I agree. Is that it?

Walter: God. God, how long are you going to do this?

Skyler: Do what?

Walter: This. Not talking to me. Going out all day and refusing to tell me where. You are obviously angry with me about something, so let's talk about it. God. I feel like you're upset with me because you think that I'm up to something.

Skyler: Like what?

Walter: I have no idea, Skyler. What, that I'm having an affair? Is that it? Is that what you think? Is that why you asked me about some other phone? Because you think that I'm being unfaithful?

Skyler: I don't know.

Walter: So ask me.

Skyler: Why? Would you even tell me?

Walter: Yes. I would. Of course I would. And no. I'm not. I'm not having an affair, okay? Now, what do I do to prove that to you? Swear an oath? My right hand to God. I'm not having an affair.

Skyler: I heard you, Walt. You're not having an affair. Congratulations.

Walter: No, you know what? Congratulations to you, Skyler. Great job. What is this? What do I have to do? I'm trying to talk to you, and you...

Skyler: Okay, so talk, Walt! Shut up and say something that isn't complete bullshit. You want to know what you have to do? You have to tell me what's really going on right now. Today. No more excuses. No more apologies. No more of these obvious, desperate breakfasts. You don't want to lose contact with me, Walt? Good. Then tell me. Now.

Walter: Tell you what? What is it you want me to tell you? I don't know. We're not done here. Do you know what I've done for this family?

Scene: RV

Jesse: Yo, I'm really sorry, okay?

Walter: What is wrong with you? Why are you blue? Jesus.

Jesse: I'm sorry. Let's just say it starts with my parents being greedy kleptomaniac douche bags.

Walter: Are you actually this stupid?

Jesse: No, look. I know this isn't optimal...

Walter: To come to my house and park on my street, driving this vehicle. What the hell is wrong with you? I'm really asking.

Jesse: Nothing. I'm sorry. I just...

Walter: What if Skyler had seen you? What then? What was the plan then, genius?

Jesse: I don't know.

Walter: You know why you don't know? Because you don't think. That's why. You don't think. You never figured out how to think.

Jesse: I said I was sorry. I just need my half of the money, and I will go.

Walter: Your half? There is no “your half” of the money! There is only my all of it! Do you understand? Why should I be penalized because of your sloppiness?

Jesse: Look, that is completely uncool, all right? We agreed, 50/50 partners.

Walter: Partners in what? What exactly do you do here? I've been meaning to ask because I'm the producer, right? I cook. But from what I can tell, you are just a drug addict. You are a pathetic junkie, too stupid to understand and follow simple rudimentary instructions. Too stupid to...

Scene: White Residence

Walter: Try not to touch anything. Want some breakfast?

[Episode 5]
Scene: Doctor’s Office

Dr. Delcavoli: Well, we've come a long way, Walt. Here at the end of round one, I'm going to recommend cautious optimism. We'll check back in two months, see how you've responded, reassess, and decide our next move, if any. That's right around the time the baby's due, correct?

Walter: Yeah.

Dr. Delcavoli: Well, try to think of this as good timing. You'll start feeling better soon, more like yourself, and your hair should start to come back.

Walter: I kind of gotten used to the old cue ball look.

Dr. Delcavoli: I prefer to think of it as streamlined.

Walter: Right. Aerodynamic.

Dr. Delcavoli: No more confusion?

Walter: Absolutely none.

Dr. Delcavoli: How are you two holding up?

Walter: Fine. I mean, you know, we're busy, but we're good. Absolutely. It's all good.

Scene: Bank

Teller: So, we're not going through an insurer. Is that correct?

Walter: Yes. Direct bill.

Teller: Just need to print it out for you.

Walter: Thank you. I thought we had discussed a cash discount.

Teller: Absolutely. It's included. Just a reminder, we do have a payment plan available, should you be interested.

Walter: Oh, yeah. Okay.

Teller: Congratulations.

Walter: Thank you.

Scene: White Residence

Skyler: Then, what about the MRI? Can you please explain to me the distinction between diagnostic and exploratory? Yeah, but either way, his doctor ordered it. It should be covered. You bet I will. Yeah, in triplicate. Well, I'm sorry you couldn't be of more help, too. Bitch.

Walter: Been around someone who smokes?

Skyler: No. The hospital bill came.

Walter: That was fast.

Skyler: Three-day stay: $13,000 and counting. Is this something that Gretchen and Elliott might cover? I know it's strictly your domain, but...

Walter: They will. I'm sure they will. I'll handle it.

Scene: Police Station

Merkert: Bring me up to speed on Salamanca.

Hank: d*ad.

Merkert: Still?

Hank: Completely.

Merkert: Okay, then. Well, thanks for stopping by.

Hank: Okay. So things are quiet. Not a lot of crystal on the streets right now.

Merkert: Good.

Hank: Of course that’s not going to last. Waiting to see who rallies the roaches now that his turf's up for grabs.

Merkert: No takers so far?

Hank: We keep hearing a name. Heisenberg. Lately, pretty much every dime-bagger we come across.

Merkert: Heisenberg?

Hank: Yeah, I know. Maybe it's a tweaker urban legend. Still, somebody somewhere is cooking that big blue we keep finding. Anyway, we'll stay on it.

Merkert: Know why sharks are at the top of the food chain, Hank?

Hank: 'Cause they have three sets of teeth and will take a bite out of anything?

Merkert: Some of those suckers travel thousands of miles in pursuit of their prey.

Hank: Yeah, I think I heard that.

Merkert: You, my friend, are a great white. How does Albuquerque Liaison, Tri-state Border Interdiction Task Force sound?

Hank: Like one hell of a promotion.

Merkert: As of the 1st, I want you to split your time between here and El Paso.

Hank: Thank you, sir. Thank you.

Hank: What you gonna do without me, Gomie?

Steve: Celebrate. I won't have to look at your ugly mug six days a week.

Hank: Hey, buddy, I am the brains and the brawn. I'm the whole package.

Steve: I'm glad I didn't just eat.

Agent: I'm surprised his head still fits through the door.

Hank: Hey, wanna grab lunch?

Steve: Hell, yeah. 'Cause you're buying.

Hank: Done. I'll meet you morons downstairs. Try not to get lost on the way. Schrader. Yeah, hey Ricky. How you doing? Yeah, I'm stoked, too. Yeah, El Paso.

Agent: Here's the man.

Agent: Hey, congratulations, Hank.

Hank: Thanks.

Scene: Clovis’s Garage

Jesse: Hey.

Clovis: You got some nerve coming back here. Or you're even dumber than I thought.

Jesse: Yeah, well, maybe both. Balance for the tow, the repairs, and extra for, you know, damages and stuff to the gate, the toilet. Look, like I said, my word is my bond. What would you charge me to store this here?

Clovis: A million-five.

Jesse: Come on, yo.

Clovis: Your sister.

Jesse: Dawg, I'm serious, all right? I got storage needs. And I got scratch up front. We could, you know, negotiate.

Clovis: 500.

Jesse: A month?

Clovis: A week.

Jesse: For real?

Clovis: See ya.

Jesse: Wait. Just hold on. Just chill. Sounds good. Totally doable.

Clovis: Outside.

Jesse: Inside.

Clovis: Forget it.

Jesse: Man, come on. Your fence is too easy to climb. Inside, padlocked, plus gate privileges.

Clovis: Come again?

Jesse: Gate, in and out, privileges.

Clovis: Month to month. Cash up front. Inside. And I don't know you. I don't know jack.

Jesse: Yeah. You selling?

Clovis: I'll let you take it for nine Gs.

Jesse: What about that one?

Clovis: Serious?
Scene: Apartment

Jesse: It's Jane, right? Well, Jane, I gotta say, this place is awesome.

Jane: Really? Does it inspire awe?

Jesse: No. I mean, it's great. Just what I've been looking for. That's what I meant. I had an entire house before, detached and all, but I was just tired of all the lawn care and upkeep and whatnot.

Jane: Well, the blinds are new. Everything's been painted.

Jesse: Jesus.

Jane: Utilities are included.

Jesse: Stacking. Sweet. You got cable?

Jane: Already wired. Just call to activate. High speed, whatever.

Jesse: Bathroom, cool tile. Bedroom. Nice. I'm a fan of the hardwood.

Jane: So? You're interested?

Jesse: Definitely.

Jane: And you're good with NPNS?

Jesse: Sorry. What?

Jane: In the ad? No smoking, no pets. You want to smoke, you do it outside.

Jesse: It's cool. No worries.

Jane: The usual drill. I'll need a W-2 or a recent pay stub, current employer, former address, you know, the yadda-yadda. And if it's all copasetic, I'll call.

Jesse: Look, the thing is I...

Jane: Unbelievable.

Jesse: I'm currently in-between situations.

Jane: And I'm currently not renting.

Jesse: I got the money and I'm totally good for it for, like, ever. Come on, yo, can you please, please just help a brother out?

Jane: Yo, my dad's not really a "make exceptions" kind of guy. Trust me.

Jesse: Your dad?

Jane: Owns the place. I manage it. Pen on paper, that's what I need. Or go run your game somewhere else.

Jesse: Dude, I got nowhere else to go. This is it. And I got no game, all right? I just need a chance. Look, my folks, they kicked me out. I'm a disappointment, apparently. Didn't meet their expectations, again. So, you know, now I'm persona non gratis or whatever. But you know what? I'm a good person and I work hard. I will pay you every month and I will pay you on time. I will not mess this up, okay? I swear.

Jane: Rent just went up. A hundred more a month. That's the cash price.

Jesse: You rock. You won't regret this.

Jane: And, in addition to the first and last, I want two more months. DBAA fee, nonrefundable.

Jesse: Of course. No problem. DBAA. Obviously. What's DBAA?

Jane: "Don't be an assh*le."

Jesse: Gotcha.

Jane: I live next door.

Jesse: Really?

Jane: And don't think for one second you have squatters' rights, because you don't. If you blow this, I want you gone. I know guys that'll have your skinny ass out back by the dumpster faster than you can blink. I'll fill it in. Just sign your name. Which is what, by the way?

Jesse: It's Jesse. Jesse Jackson.

Jane: Seriously?

Jesse: What?

Scene: Hank and Marie’s House

Marie: What are you doing?

Hank: Beatin' off. What's it look like?

Marie: That is, in fact, exactly what it looks like to me.

Hank: Brewing is an art form, Marie. I think you'd appreciate that by now. Christmas, the batch of '06? Come on.

Marie: So, let me get this straight. You call in sick the day after receiving a long-awaited, career boosting promotion so you can play Oktoberfest in your man cave? I don't get it. Really, I don't.

Hank: Babe, relax.

Marie: Please, don't tell me to relax. You know I hate that.

Hank: Right.

Marie: Dave said I should express that.

Hank: All I'm saying is everything's fine. I can take a day. No big deal. Now, get that sweet ass out of here so I can concentrate.

Scene: RV

Jesse: Okay, so what's the plan?

Walter: The plan is we cook.

Jesse: Why are we cooking when we can't even move what we cook?

Walter: Well, how much do you think you can sell on your own? Say if I cooked during the days and you worked the nights.

Jesse: Dude.

Walter: What? Prior to Tuco, that was your plan, wasn't it? I understand it'll be a fraction of what we brought in before, but still, what choice do we have?

Jesse: First of all, there's no "we." You're talking me, solo, busting hump slinging shards. I got profile now. Don't you get that? The DEA 's up my ass. I'm not exposing myself to that level of risk for chump change. No way.

Walter: Then what do you suggest? I don't think either of us are eager to jump into bed with another Tuco.

Jesse: I got bills, man.

Walter: You've got bills?

Jesse: Rent, yo. Responsibilities. I've already lost more than I have made, and I am tired of dicking around out here.

Walter: You want to know how much I've got left? After completing my first round of treatment and financing the world's most expensive alibi? Zero! Zip! Nothing! I've got nothing to show for all of this. Nothing for my family, which, as you might remember, was the damn point! But seeing as throwing in the towel is not an option, that leaves us with a total of two choices. We go into business with yet another homicidal lunatic or you and I start. You selling whatever you can.

Jesse: There's a third way.

Walter: And what would that be?

Jesse: We got to be Tuco. Cut out the middleman. Run our own game.

Walter: So you're going to, what? Snort meth off a bowie Kn*fe? You gonna b*at your homies to death when they diss you?

Jesse: Look, I know some guys. All right? I can create a network. We control production and distribution. That way, we stay off the front lines while moving some serious glass. The point here is to make money, right? Sky-high stacks. That's not the point?

Walter: No, I am not willing to do that.

Jesse: Who said anything about you?

Walter: I don't vote for this plan. I'm not comfortable bringing in unknown entries into our operation.

Jesse: You don't get to vote.

Walter: I beg your pardon? This is a partnership, remember?

Jesse: I remember. You cook, I sell. That was the division of labor when we started all this. And that's exactly how we should have kept it. 'Cause I sure as hell didn't find myself locked in a trunk or on my knees with a g*n to my head before your greedy old ass came along, all right?

Walter: All right, I will admit to a bit of a learning curve. And perhaps I was overly ambitious. But in any case, it's not gonna happen that way anymore.

Jesse: Damn straight. Know why? 'Cause we do things my way this time, or I walk. You need me more than I need you, Walt.

Scene: Jesse’s Apartment

Jesse: Enter my casa. Yo, Skinny Pete.

Skinny Pete: What's up, brother?

Jesse: Eh, Combo. Good to see you. Welcome to my humble abode.

Combo: Good deal, mover. Good deal.

Jesse: Yo. Badge, hey.

Badger: Cool crib, man. It echoes.

Jesse: Let me give you a virtual tour. Plasma is gonna go right here. Probably, like, a 50-inch wall-mounted.

Skinny Pete: Plasma rocks it over LCD, yo.

Combo: Nah. They burn in, yo.

Skinny Pete: But the picture's way sharper. Blacks are deeper, too.

Badger: They got 3-D coming out, like, any day now. That's what I'm waiting for. p*rn, cuz!

Jesse: Jesus.

Badger: Like, 3-D ta-tas, like, right in your face.

Jesse: So, I'm gonna get a couple of those zero-gravity chairs for right here, for your ultimate viewing comfort.

Combo: Those are buck.

Jesse: It's gonna be pretty much sparse. Very Asian-y, modern stuff.

Skinny Pete: Feng shui, yo. I can dig it.

Jesse: And I'm thinking, just a bunch of candles, maybe one of those little fountain jobs right here. It's gonna be chill.

Combo: The ladies, they cream up real nice for, like, candles and sh1t.

Badger: You are going to score, big time!

Jesse: All right, so how about we get, you know, down to it? There's some refreshments over here if you want to partake.

Combo: You got any other refreshments?

Skinny Pete: I could kick it. It's been a while.

Badger: I could totally go for a lovin' spoonful.

Jesse: No b*mb, no beer, no weed. You smoke it up on your own time. We're talking business here. So listen up. This is how it goes. I front each of you an ounce. You sell it for 2,500. I keep the two, you keep the five. No cutting it. You sell it as is, all right?

Combo: That's kinda, like, hopeful, bro.

Skinny Pete: Street's maybe 17, 18.

Jesse: This is the best shiz ever. Everybody and their mother's gonna want a taste. And second, who else is selling right now, huh?

Skinny Pete: It's dry out there, that's for sure.

Combo: Church.

Jesse: So you point it how you want, okay? Quarter, half, teener, whatever. But I make what I make. Two large. No exceptions. Short me, you're out. Cut it, you're out. Period. This is a big opportunity I am giving you. Understand? Badger, what is this?

Badger: A big opportunity.

Jesse: Exactly. All right? This is the ground floor. Gentlemen, how far you go is up to you.

Combo: So bring out the product, yo.

Jesse: Not here, all right? Not ever. Blind drop. I will let you know when and where. All right? You'll be hearing from me. Now, I got mad volume, so you move it quick, you move it right. There is always more. DBAA, mo-fos. All right? Apply yourselves.

Scene: Hank and Marie’s Patio

Marie: It's an armpit.

Hank: It's not an armpit.

Marie: Excuse me. You're right. It's the Paris of the Southwest. Please, it's Texas, for God's sake. Right on the border of lawless Mexican hell. Human heads, they leave. The cartels, they litter the place with human heads.

Hank: Pretty sure that's why I'm going there.

Marie: It's like a calling card or a shout-out or something. Now, D.C, on the other hand, I could get behind. You just do your time like a good boy, and I could see us in a cute little condo in Georgetown in a couple of years.

Scene: Kitchen

Marie: I went online to this fantastic real estate website for D.C. There's just so much, I don't know, culture there. I was talking to Melinda, Hank's boss's wife. The one with the helmet hair and the permanent lip liner. Anyway, she was saying that...

Skyler: Apologize.

Marie: What?

Skyler: I will not listen to one more word until you apologize.

Marie: For?

Skyler: You know perfectly well, Marie.

Marie: Well, obviously I don't.

Skyler: Your lies. To me. The shoplifting? All of it? Did you really think it was all just neatly gonna go away?

Marie: If you hadn't tried to return it...

Skyler: Apologize. Now or never. I mean it. Or it'll never be the same.

Marie: Why are you punishing me?

Skyler: If you don't respect me enough to apologize, to tell me the truth, then... I need my sister back.

Marie: I'm sorry. I'm sorry.

Scene: Patio

Hank: You want the gory details? No, you don't. Keep you up at night.

Walter Jr: So was it scary?

Hank: Hell, yeah, it was freakin' scary, you little punk. Jesus.

Walter Jr: But you were way faster than him.

Hank: Well, I'm here, aren't I?

Walter Jr: Hell, yeah. Kick ass and take names.

Walter: Son.

Hank: Nah, it's fine. You know what it is? A cockroach comes out from under a fridge, what do you do? I mean, you don't think about it. You stomp 'em down.

Walter: Where do they come from? Criminals, like the one you...What do you think it is that makes them who they are.

Hank: Buddy, you might as well be asking me about the roaches. All I know is there's a whole world of them out there. Man, I gotta piss like a racehorse.

Scene: Desert

Walter: I wasn't sure it was you. New car?

Jesse: Yeah, keeping things on the D.L.

Walter: I'm guessing this one doesn't bounce.

Jesse: Your half. That's what I'm talking about. You're welcome. Jesus.

Walter: Help me understand the math, okay? I gave you 1 pound, correct? You and I split $2,000 per ounce. $1,000 each. 1 pound, that’s 16 ounces. 16 ounces should net to me, $16,000. Not 15.

Jesse: Something came up.

Walter: Something came up?

Jesse: One of my guys got held up by a couple junkies. Lost an ounce. But it's cool, okay? Skinny Pete's cool.

Walter: Oh, so you're saying that your guy got robbed. Or, rather, you got robbed, but it doesn't matter.

Jesse: Dude, it's called breakage, okay? Like K-Mart. Shit breaks.

Walter: And you're thinking this is acceptable?

Jesse: It's the cost of business, yo. You're sweating me over a grand?

Walter: Look, I'm just the chemist, here. I'm not the street guy, yo. But it seems to me that what you call "breakage" is just you making a fool of yourself. I've got another technical term for you. "Non-sustainable business model."

Jesse: You're focusing on the negative. Six grand a day we're making. What's your problem?

Walter: What happens when word gets out, and it's open season on these clowns you've hired? Once everyone knows that Jesse Pinkman, drug lord, can be robbed with impunity.

Jesse: Man, come on.

Walter: You think Tuco had breakage? I guess it's true, he did. He broke bones. He broke the skull of anybody who tried to rip him off.

Jesse: You want another grand? Is that it?

Walter: Not my point.

Jesse: Take it! Here. Look, you got 15,000 you didn't have yesterday. We're making bank. Shit happens. My guys get what they're up against, and they're careful. So am I. And you're all tucked in at night with your precious family. So why don't you just stop being such a freak about everything?

Walter: You've made the division of labor very clear.

Jesse: Yo, I mean, seriously. What the hell do you want me to do, huh?

Scene: White Residence

Skyler: Sorry.

Walter: You snuck in. Didn't even know you were home. What you eating?

Skyler: A panini. There's another one in the freezer if you want it.

Walter: I thought we nixed those, huh?

Skyler: Did we?

Walter: Yeah. I mean, aren't those the ones with the off-the-chart sodium?

Skyler: I had a craving. Once in a while is no big deal.

Walter: So where's Junior?

Skyler: Out.

Walter: With whom?

Skyler: Louis.

Walter: Out where?

Skyler: Somewhere. I don't know. He'll be back by 9:00.

Walter: I just thought you might have a clue where your son is.

Skyler: Why don't you? Why am I the only one who needs to keep track of our son? I'll tell you what, Walt. You want to know where he is, ask him. Just pick up the phone like I do.

Walter: Perhaps you might know something about this.

Skyler: Perhaps. And then again, perhaps I don't. Perhaps I smoked them in a fugue state.

Walter: I'd like an explanation. Why would you do this? You're pregnant, for God's sakes.

Skyler: Three and a half cigarettes is not going to do a thing to the baby. Not a thing.

Walter: I'm glad you're so sure, Doctor.

Skyler: Three and a half. That was it. I tossed the rest. And I'm sure you'll be very glad to hear that, yes, I feel ashamed. This is something that...

Walter: This is so unlike you.

Skyler: Oh, really? How would you know?

Scene: Jesse’s Apartment

Walter: You asked me what I want you to do. I want you to handle it.

[Episode 6]
Scene: Street

Skinny Pete: What up? Damn, bitch.

Jesse: Got something for me?

Skinny Pete: Yeah, I found them.

Jesse: Is this a 5 or an S?

Skinny Pete: 5. No, wait. S. Yeah, a 5.

Jesse: Jesus, how the hell do you spell "street" wrong? S-T-R-E-A-T?

Skinny Pete: Hey, man. I'm slinging mad volume and fat-stackin Benjis, you know what I'm saying? I can't be all about, like, spelling and shit.

Jesse: So they got names?

Skinny Pete: Hers is, like, I don't know. She's just this woman is all. Him they call Spooge.

Jesse: Spooge? Not Mad Dog, not Diesel? So let me get this straight. You got jacked by a guy named Spooge?

Skinny Pete: Yo, what's his name matter? All's I saw was that Kn*fe he stuck in my face, like that big! But if you're looking for a reason not to go do this thing...

Jesse: Did I say that?

Skinny Pete: 'Cause I'll go do it myself, right? It's just I'm on probation and all. So you gonna do it? Good. Right on. 'Cause these two, they need to get got.

Scene: Outside Spooge’s House

Jesse: Where's my money, bitch? Where's my money? Where’s my money, bitch? Huh, bitch? Where’s my money bitch? Oh, that's good. Where’s my money, bitch? Bitch, where’s my money? Come on. I will mess you up. Is that how you want to play this? Your call. Your funeral, Jack. Do not mess with me. I will bury you 'cause I'm crazy, yo. Mucho loco. Do not test me.

Mail Woman: Good morning!

Jesse: Good morning.

Mail Woman: Honey, you blocking the mailbox.

Jesse: Sorry.

Mail Woman: I think it's gonna be a nice day, huh?

Jesse: Yeah, high 70s.

Mail Woman: You have a great day.

Jesse: Right on. You too.

Scene: Inside Spooge’s House

Jesse: God! Shit! Anybody home? Yo, is anybody else home? Where's your folks? They here? What's your name? My name's Diesel. Yo, don't you want to watch something other than this? Like, I don't know, Mr. Rogers? So when your folks coming home? Your dad, Mr. Spooge? When is he getting back?

Kid: I'm hungry.

Scene: White Residence

Marie: Hey there, you three. Just wanted to wish Walt a good first day back. We'll be thinkin thinking about you teaching valences and covalences and...okay, that's officially all I remember. Good luck. Skyler, give me a call when you get a chance.

Gretchen: Hi, Walt and Skyler. This is Gretchen Schwartz, just calling to say hello. I'm down from Santa Fe today, and I was just thinking about you both, hoping everything's well. I tried Walt's cell, and it said the number had been disconnected, so I'm just hoping that everything's okay. Call me if you can, whenever's convenient.

Skyler: This is Skyler White. Am I catching you at a bad time?

Gretchen: No, not at all. It's so good to hear from you. How is everybody?

Skyler: Very well, thank you. Walt is actually at work today. It's his first day back at work, and he lost his cell phone quite a while back. And I really hope we didn't worry you.

Gretchen: I'm just so glad to hear that everybody's fine. That's wonderful.

Skyler: I'm so very, very long overdue in telling you this, and I just have to take Walt at his word that he's been passing it along for me. I mean, he's been so adamant about wanting to handle this whole thing by himself. But I have picked up the phone about a hundred times. I just...

Gretchen: What is it?

Skyler: I can't begin to thank you and Elliott for what you've done. The money for Walt's treatment, it's just, it's saved us.

Gretchen: I don't know if I...

Skyler: Walt keeps saying, "Don't bother them. It's no big deal." But it is a big deal. To me. And to all of us. So I just finally wanted to say thank you. Anyway. End of speech. So, I do hope we get to see you soon. Truly, anytime you're in town, anytime at all is good for us.

Gretchen: How about this afternoon?

Scene: Walter’s Classroom

Walter: Monoalkenes, diolefins, trienes, polyenes. The nomenclature alone is enough to make your head spin. But when you start to feel overwhelmed, and you will, just keep in mind that one element. Carbon. Carbon is at the center of it all. There is no life without carbon. Nowhere. That we know of in the universe. Everything that lives, lived, will live. Carbon. Carmen is carbon. Sorry. Assistant Principal Carmen. Did you…? I like to think of it, I like to think that the diamond and the woman who wears it on her finger are both formed from the same stuff. Or, say the diamond and the man who invented it. That got your attention, right? The man who invented the diamond. All right. H. Tracy Hall. Write this name down. Dr. Hall invented the first reproducible process for making synthetic diamonds. I mean, this is way back in the '50s. Now, today, synthetic diamonds are used in oil drilling, electronics, and multi-billion dollar industries. At the time, Dr. Hall worked for General Electric. And he made them a fortune. I mean, incalculable. You want to know how GE rewarded Dr. Hall? A $10 US Savings Bond. Anyway. A Savings Bond printed on carbon-based paper paid to a carbon-based man for something he made out of carbon.

Scene: After Class

Carmen: It's so nice to have you back with us, Walt. And you're looking great, by the way.

Walter: A little skinnier. Which is definitely no tragedy. And then there's the hair thing.

Carmen: I actually like that. That's a great look for you. But you're feeling good?

Walter: Absolutely. 100%. I'm glad to be back at work. I'm glad to, I'm happy to be here. Really.

Carmen: We're happy too. And I just, it's good. It's great.

Walter: Is everything okay?

Carmen: Just please feel comfortable coming to me with any problems, any issues. Anything at all. You know, completely confidential.

Scene: School Parking Lot

Jeffrey: See you tomorrow, Flynn.

Walter Jr: See you, Jeffrey. Let me see it. Dad, let me see it.

Walter: Don't worry about it. Let's go.

Scene: Spooge’s House

Jesse: Hey. Peekaboo. No? Peekaboo! Ah, man. You stay right here, all right? I mean it.

Spooge’s Wife: You shut up! You shut up! You're the one who dropped it.

Spooge: I didn't drop it! I didn't drop shit!

Spooge’s Wife: You dropped it!

Spooge: Shut the hell up about it.

Jesse: You shut up! No, you shut up! Get up! Shut up! Both of you!

Scene: Walter’s Car

Walter: You know who might have done it? I have an idea. Here's what I think. You ID them. And then together, you and I put a bag over their heads. We tie them up, drive them way out into the desert, strip them naked, then bury them up to their necks on a huge mound of f*re ants. Saw it in that old Western. You with me?

Walter Jr: Scorpions?

Walter: Scorpions are good. Very nice.

Walter Jr: Damn, Dad. Check it out. Who is this?

Scene: White Residence

Skyler: So, this is Walter Jr. Or Flynn. He likes to go by Flynn these days.

Walter Jr: Mom.

Skyler: What? I'm just offering the choice. This is Mrs. Schwartz, whom you've heard so much about.

Gretchen: Very nice to meet you, Flynn.

Walter Jr: Nice to meet you, too.

Walter: Look who's here. Always nice to see you. What a nice surprise.

Gretchen: Look at you. You're looking good.

Walter: Though a bald head is a bit of a shocker.

Skyler: I know it was for me.

Gretchen: You have a good shaped head. May I?

Walter: Oh, sure.

Gretchen: For good luck. Right?

Walter: Exactly. Here's hoping. We could use some of that, huh?

Walter Jr: Mrs. Schwartz? Thank you so much for what you've done for my dad. It was a really good thing.

Gretchen: You're very welcome.

Skyler: We're going to find a way to repay you.

Gretchen: We don't want to ever hear that. You know what? I hate to say it, but I really need to get going.

Skyler: That's too bad. You can't stay for dinner?

Gretchen: I wish I could, but unfortunately I have to try to b*at the traffic.

Skyler: Well, I hope we get a chance to catch up real soon.

Gretchen: Hopefully.

Skyler: Your purse. Good to see you. And you and Elliott are welcome any time. Really. And I, for one, am gonna be much better about keeping in touch. It's so good to see you.

Gretchen: And you.

Walter Jr: Nice meeting you.

Gretchen: Likewise. Bye now.

Skyler: Drive safely.

Walter: What am I thinking? I should walk her to her car. Really. I'll be right back.

Scene: Driveway

Walter: Gretchen. What did you... We need to talk. Can you not do or say anything to anyone until then? Please. Please.

Scene: Spooge’s House

Jesse: Where's my money, bitch? I ain't going to keep asking nice! Yo, all right? I want my money and my dope! Come on!

Spooge: I just want to say, man...

Jesse: What? What do you want to say?

Spooge: I just want to go on record. You h*t me really, really hard. I think I'm seeing double. Maybe I need to go see a hospital.

Jesse: Shut up!

Spooge: Serious, I might have a concussion!

Spooge’s Wife: Don't fall asleep, baby.

Spooge: Subdural hematoma.

Spooge’s Wife: Don't fall asleep.

Jesse: Shut up. Empty your pockets. Turn them out, everything on the table. Do it! All right, turn around. Turn around! Turn out your back pockets. Come on. All right. Shoes. Give them here.

Spooge: I told you, Diesel, we ain't holding any.

Spooge’s Wife: We sh*t it all.

Jesse: sh*t an ounce in a day and a half. All right, tell you what. Both of you pull it out of your butts right now or I grab a flashlight and some pliers and go exploring. What's it going to be, yo? Come on! There you go. All right, come on. On the table. So what? You hold the crystal, and she holds the H, huh?

Spooge: Division of labor.

Jesse: All right, there's maybe an 8-ball here. Where's the rest of my meth?

Spooge: Yo, for real? She up and lost it, yo.

Spooge’s Wife: You shut up!

Spooge: Shut up, skank.

Jesse: Shut up! Stop it!

Spooge: This really isn't getting any better. It's turning cranial.

Jesse: You see this g*n, huh? It's got five b*ll*ts. One for each kneecap, plus an extra round for your cranial, for being such a p*ssy.

Spooge’s Wife: Hey, baby. Come here, baby. Come here, baby.

Jesse: All right. You two are never getting high again. I will make it my life's mission. Not another needle, not another ball, not one toke, not till I get what's mine.

Spooge: We got you covered, man, sure. It just so happens we got your money, man, plus interest.

Jesse: You're damn right, plus interest. Where?

Spooge: Backyard. Right hand to the man, dog. Backyard. Go check it out. Hurting. Painful.

Jesse: Me and your old man, we're just playing a game, all right? Hey, don't move. Come on!

Scene: Backyard

Spooge: See? Me and the slit just boosted it. She's like an ant, man. She can lift a hundred times her own weight. For real.

Jesse: What the hell am I supposed to do with this?

Spooge: Help me break it open. Take out the money, get paid. Get high.

Jesse: That's my bank.

Spooge: So? It's FIDC insured. It's a victimless crime.

Jesse: Where the hell did you get this?

Spooge: Bodega. Way across town. In, out, like bam. It was smooth as silk.

Jesse: What, nobody saw you? What about witnesses, dumb ass?

Spooge: We roll like the breeze, for real. All we did, we just walked in all smooth-like. Nobody even noticed.

Jesse: Nobody noticed? For real?

Spooge: I'm telling you. A victimless crime.
Scene: Spooge’s House

Jesse: Jesus! Come on already!

Spooge: It's about to give, man. I'm sensing it.

Jesse: You don't know what you're doing. I thought you told me you boosted, like, six of these.

Spooge’s Wife: Boosted. It's not like he ever got one open.

Spooge: At least I got persistence. The law of averages, lucky number 7. Don't listen to that skank.

Spooge’s Wife: Stop calling me that! I ain't no skank!

Spooge: Skank, skank, skank ass skank!

Jesse: Sit. All right, I swear to God I will sh**t you both in the face! Now chill! You, get that thing open. You sit the hell down, and no throwing things. Where's the kid? The kid! The little kid!

Spooge’s Wife: What are you asking me for?

Jesse: What the hell kind of mother are you? How about you feed the kid a decent meal every now and then? Give him a bath. Put some baby powder on him. Get him some decent TV to watch. What is this shit? Are you serious?

Spooge’s Wife: You give me one h*t, and I'll be any kind of mother that you want.

Spooge: Diesel, this whole thing would go easier if we all had a little taste, man.

Jesse: Get out of the way. Get out of the way!

Scene: Restaurant

Walter: So you didn't tell anyone. You didn't tell Elliott.

Gretchen: Not yet.

Walter: What does that mean?

Gretchen: It means what it means. It's a determination I have yet to make.

Walter: All right. Fair enough. I can appreciate that. All right. First let me say I very much regret involving you in this. This entire thing was unfortunate.

Gretchen: Unfortunate?

Walter: And I apologize deeply.

Gretchen: Now please tell me why you did it.

Walter: That's not really at issue here.

Gretchen: You told me your insurance was covering it. Was that a lie? If you won't take our money and your insurance isn't covering it, how are you paying for it?

Walter: This is not an issue that concerns you, Gretchen, okay?

Gretchen: Excuse me. It does concern me. It concerns me greatly. You tell your wife and son that I am paying for your cancer treatment. Why are you doing this?

Walter: I will clear this up with them.

Gretchen: The look on Skyler's face. She's sitting there, tears in her eyes, thanking me for saving your life. Why would you do that to her?

Walter: As I said, I will clear this up. Just please allow me to do this in my own way in my own time. All right? I will explain the whole thing to them.

Gretchen: And while you're at it, explain it to me.

Walter: I don't owe you an explanation. I owe you an apology, and I have apologized. I am very sorry, Gretchen. There. I've apologized twice now. I'm humbly sorry. Three times.

Gretchen: Let me just get this straight. Elliott and I offer to pay for your treatment, no strings attached an offer which still stands, by the way and you turn us down out of pride, whatever, and then you tell your wife that in fact we are paying for your treatment. Without our knowledge, against our will, you involve us in your lie. And you sit here and tell me that that is none of my business?

Walter: That's pretty much the size of it.

Gretchen: What happened to you? Really, Walt. What happened? Because this isn't you.

Walter: What would you know about me? What would your presumption about me be, exactly? That I should go begging for your charity? And you waving your checkbook around, like some magic wand, is going to make me forget how you and Elliott cut me out?

Gretchen: What? That can't be how you see it.

Walter: It was my hard work, my research, and you and Elliott make millions off it.

Gretchen: That cannot be how you see it.

Walter: Good. That's beautifully done.

Gretchen: You left.

Walter: You are always the picture of innocence.

Gretchen: You left me.

Walter: The picture of innocence. Just sweetness and light.

Gretchen: You left me. Newport, 4th of July weekend. You and my father and my brothers, and I go up to our room, and you're packing your bags, barely talking. What? Did I dream all that?

Walter: That's your excuse to build your little empire on my work?

Gretchen: How can you say that to me? You walked away. You abandoned us. Me, Elliott.

Walter: Little rich girl just adding to your millions.

Gretchen: I don't even know what to say to you. I don't even know where to begin. I feel so sorry for you, Walt.

Walter: f*ck you.

Scene: Spooge’s House

Jesse: Little man, you hungry? What are you doing?

Spooge’s Wife: Spooge, I got him, I got him. Baby, get up and help me! Call me a bad mother. I'll show you a bad mother, bitch. Get up, damn it! Get our dope! Bedtime.

Spooge: Here we go. Who's the big tough guy now? Is that you? You're the big man? Try and h*t me now, bitch! Try and h*t me now! Try and h*t me now, bitch!

Scene: White Residence

Skyler: Should I ask where you've been? Never mind. We're long past that, I suppose. Gretchen called about an hour ago. We need to talk.

Walter: Just say it.

Skyler: They're cutting off the money.

Walter: What did she say, exactly?

Skyler: Not much. It was abrupt. She said something like "I'm sorry to have to do this, but Elliott and I can no longer continue to pay for Walt's treatment. I wish you the very best." And that was it. She sounded apologetic I guess. It was quick. She got right off the phone. I was so stunned, but I called her back, and she didn't pick up. So what do you know about this? She and I had a perfectly nice visit this afternoon, and then you come home, and all of a sudden she's in a big hurry to leave, and then the two of you are talking in the driveway. What do you know that I don't? Where were you tonight?

Walter: I drove up to Santa Fe. I was with Gretchen. Well, Gretchen and Elliott. She just couldn't bring herself to tell you today. I mean, she couldn't tell me, either, really. There was a lot of hemming and hawing and beating around the bush from both of them.

Skyler: What? Tell us what?

Walter: There was a lot of business phraseology being tossed around. Things like "cash poor" and "leveraged" and "quarterly decline," yada, yada, yada. But what they were truly saying, in my opinion, they're broke.

Skyler: You are kidding me.

Walter: I mean, the economy's in the toilet. We all know that. And all these big banks and Fannie Mae and apparently, Gray Matter is no more immune than anyone else.

Skyler: That is...Jesus, that's, she could have just told me herself.

Walter: Well, they're prideful people. Listen. Not to sound selfish, but as far as we go, we'll get through this, okay? They've already paid for most of my treatment, right? We're going to make it. All right? I promise.

Skyler: And yet she still drives a Bentley.

Walter: Keeping up appearances or I don't know. Who knows?

Scene: Spooge’s House

Spooge’s Wife: Baby, that don't make any sense.

Spooge: Of course it makes sense. Every safe's got its weak spot, right? Say you're designing a safe. Where are you going to put your weak spot?

Spooge’s Wife: Nowhere. I made it, like, strong.

Spooge: Jesus! On the bottom, that's where. You put your weak spot on the bottom.

Spooge’s Wife: Baby, that H is bringing me down.

Spooge: You took too much. I told you.

Spooge’s Wife: I need... I need to even out. Let me get a h*t of that crystal.

Spooge: Hell, no. You've lost your share.

Spooge’s Wife: Come on, baby. It's all I need is just a little h*t.

Spooge: Shut the hell up, you dumb skank. I'm trying to concentrate.

Spooge’s Wife: I ain't no skank. I would appreciate an apology.

Spooge: What?

Spooge’s Wife: I am trying to take the high road here. Are you going to do right?

Spooge: Listen to me, stupid. I am in the middle of some very important work. I am on the verge here, all right? So shut your skank ass pie hole and assist me and shut up!

Spooge’s Wife: I ain't no skank.

Spooge: Skank, skank, skank ass skank! Skank ass skank! Skank ass skank! You listening to me skank? You hear me, skank? You are a skank ass skank!

Spooge’s Wife: I ain't no skank.

Jesse: No, don't!

Spooge’s Wife: I ain't no skank.

Jesse: Remember peekaboo? Can you go peekaboo like this? Can you keep your eyes closed? You keep them closed. That's good. That's real good. All right. You keep them closed just like that. It's a little game we're going to play. Look at me. You wait right here. Okay? It's just part of the game. You wait right here, and...look, just don't go back inside. All right? You stay right here. Okay? You have a good rest of your life, kid.

[Episode 7]
Scene: Walter’s Classroom

Walter: Nitrogen bonds to oxygen, which, in turn...you do know what a bond is? A strong force of attraction. Covalent bonds, ionic bonds. The coming together of atoms and molecules to form compounds? Chemical bonds are what make matter matter. Bonds are what hold the physical world together, what hold us together.

Barry: I got it. Bonds.

Walter: Your test score says otherwise. It tells me you don't get it at all.

Barry: I mean, 58. I was close.

Walter: What is close? There's no "close" in science, Barry. There are right answers and wrong answers. "Close" didn't put men on the moon.

Barry: I'm just saying, Mr. White, 2 points? If I don't pass chemistry, I have to go to summer school. I mean, I really studied. Like, really, really studied, like, all night hard. I'm so into chemistry for, like, the concepts. I just think I might have the attention deficit. Couldn't you please just let this slide?

Walter: Don't bullshit a bullshitter. The answer is no. Next time, apply yourself.

Jesse: Yo, if I know you, leave a message.

Walter: Are you ducking me or what? This makes the third time. Look, I will be leaving this phone on for another 15 minutes, so call me. And by the way, that thing we talked about? When I said "handle it"? Well, don't. Let it go. All right.

Scene: Outside Jesse’s Apartment

Walter: Jesse. Open the door. I know you're home. Your car is here. Come on. Jesse!

Jane: Can I help you?

Walter: No.

Jane: Well, I'm the manager, so can we stop with the pounding, please?

Walter: You're the manager? You can help me. Absolutely. I very much need to get inside here. So if you have a master key...you have a key, right?

Jane: Yeah, I have a key.

Walter: Look, the person who lives here, it's just very important for me to see him.

Jane: And you knocked, right? He didn't answer? Which means?

Walter: Look, I'm his father, all right?

Jane: You're Mr. Jackson?

Walter: That's me. Walt Jackson. And you are?

Jane: Jane.

Walter: Very nice to meet you, Jane. Now, if you wouldn't mind...

Jane: Mr. Jackson, I'm happy to let you use my phone. Want to call him?

Walter: As I said, I would like to have you let me inside here so that I can check on my son's well-being. You understand?

Jane: Look, whatever's going on between the two of you is family. I don't get involved in family. Jesse doesn't want you in, you're not getting in. Period. Sorry.

Jesse: Come on in, Dad.

Jane: You okay?

Scene: Inside Apartment

Walter: Jesse Jackson? Do you even...I see you have a telephone at least. You know, that blinking thing I've been calling you on?

Jesse: Whatever, man. Give me my...

Walter: I will break this! I will break this! Damn druggy idiot. Is this what you've been doing the whole time I've been trying to reach you?

Jesse: I've been taking care of business.

Walter: What business?

Jesse: What business? The business you put me on, assh*le. You already forgot? This business! Does that jog your memory? Son of a bitch.

Walter: You didn't actually…

Jesse: You said "handle it." So I handled it.

Walter: When I said "handle it," I meant fear and intimidation. Get your money back. I certainly never meant for you…

Jesse: You didn't mean to k*ll somebody? Too late, yo, because dude's d*ad.

Walter: Oh, God.

Jesse: All right? Way d*ad.

Walter: Oh, God.

Jesse: Here. Here's your money. Your half. Spend it in good health, you miserable son of a bitch. I didn't say I k*lled him.

Walter: Tell me what happened.

Jesse: The dude's wife crushed his head with an ATM machine.

Walter: Crushed his…

Jesse: Crushed his head with an ATM machine. Right in front of me. I mean, crushed it like...oh, my God, the sound It's still in my ears. You know, and the blood, like, everywhere. Like, there was so much, you would not believe. Man, will you just please give me my weed, all right? It helps with my nausea.

Walter: So, you did not k*ll anyone. Does anybody think that you k*lled anybody?

Jesse: I called the cops.

Walter: You called the cops?

Jesse: I called and I split, and then they came in and busted her. God, she was so zapped out of her mind. She did it for, like, nothing. He told her she was a skank, but, I mean, she was a skank.

Walter: Can this person identify you? Can she identify you being there?

Jesse: Dude, she couldn't identify her left ass cheek. She was so zonked. And she had this, God, she had this kid.

Walter: Listen, I'm a little fuzzy on the mechanics, here. But could you not stop this woman from k*lling this man?

Jesse: Look, she had a g*n on me, all right? Yeah, my g*n, okay? Mine. Go ahead. Say it. I ain't no Tuco or Krazy-8. I can't run a crew. Come on. Point made, man. Point made.

Jesse: Yo, if I know you, leave a message.

Badger: It's Badger, man.

Skinny Pete: What are you doing? Don't use your real name.

Badger: What? That isn't my real name. We got those pants you wanted. 32 large, right? We got them just for you, jefe. Let's do some bid-ness, yo.

Walter: So, are you going to get back up on that horse?

Jesse: You get on. All right? I just want to forget.

Scene: El Paso DEA

Hank: Sorry. What's up with that?

Vanco: Jesus Malverde. Patron saint of Mexican drug dealers.

Hank: Hell, I know who it is, okay? Scumbags kneeling down, praying to him "Please, Senor Saint-ay! No DEA, please!" I'm just saying why is he on your desk? Going after neo-n*zi, you don't wear swastikas, right?

Vanco: Sun Tzu.

Hank: Sun who?

Vanco: Sixth century Chinese general. Wrote The Art of w*r. "If you know your enemies yourself, you'll fight without danger in many battles."

Hank: Right on.

Ramey: Agent Schrader.

Hank: Sir!

Ramey: Glad to have you on board. Everybody getting you settled in?

Hank: Great group of guys. And gals. Got guys. Guys and gals. That's good.

Ramey: You couldn't have picked a better time to arrive. About to put a big dent in the cartel. Right, Vanco?

Vanco: Yes, sir.

Scene: Science Museum

Skinny Pete: Bro, check it out. It's a satellite picture of you farting.

Badger: Fat Man and Little Boy. Sounds like you two.

Skinny Pete: I got your Fat Man in my pants, bitch.

Combo: Watch it.

Skinny Pete: It ain't real, dumbass.

Combo: Watch it, is all.

Skinny Pete: You watch it.

Walter: I'm Heisenberg.

Badger: You're Heisenberg?

Skinny Pete: I remember you. You were the cook.

Walter: Let's get this over with.

Skinny Pete: Where's Jesse?

Walter: Busy.

Skinny Pete: That's cool.

Badger: Real cool.

Combo: Totally cool. It's all there. Every dollar. In case you want to, like, count it.

Walter: Here?

Combo: I'm just saying. Just saying, like, we cool, yo. We ain't got no confusion and interpretation as to who we work for.

Skinny Pete: Man, that's church, yo. For real.

Walter: What have you heard?

Badger: Did Jesse really I mean, did he really squash that dude's head with an ATM machine?

Walter: Who's saying that?

Skinny Pete: Damn, man, it's all over town. Everybody's like, whoa, snap! Usually I got to chase dudes down for their money. But today, everybody's paying up.

Combo: True that.

Badger: Serious. But, like he really did it?

Walter: You didn't hear that from me.

Scene: Beneke Fabrications

Skyler: Big lunch. Here you go.

Margaret: Very good, Miss White. We'll consider your application and let you know.

Skyler: I'd just like to mention that I have worked here before.

Margaret: Really? When are you due?

Skyler: Several months.

Margaret: Congratulations. I see. Accounting department. You left us four years ago?

Skyler: Family.

Margaret: We'll definitely let you know. Thank you for coming by.

Skyler: Actually, may I see Ted Beneke? I think he'll remember me.

Margaret: Mr. Beneke's very busy today, unfortunately.

Skyler: If it's okay, I'll just...

Margaret: Ma'am.

Ted: Skyler? Oh, my God, look at you.

Skyler: Hey, Ted.

Ted: Come in. No calls, Margaret. Sit down right here. You look great. A boy or a girl, or are you keeping it a secret?

Skyler: It's a little girl. We're very excited.

Ted: I'll bet. One of each. How's Walt Jr?

Skyler: Tenth grade and he's just growing like a weed. He's taller than I am now. I'm betting 6'3", 6'4" by the time he's finished.

Ted: Wow, handsome. Oh, my God. Good genes.

Skyler: Speaking of movie stars, those can't be the twins.

Ted: Yep, that's them.

Skyler: They're gorgeous.

Ted: Yes, they are. And they know it. I'm in real trouble there, huh?

Skyler: So, the big office?

Ted: Weird, isn't it? I still think of it as my dad's.

Skyler: I miss him.

Ted: Me, too. I'd like to think he'd be proud. Last year was our best year yet.

Skyler: He'd be proud.

Ted: Walt, how's he doing?

Skyler: He is doing great. He's plugging away.

Ted: Great. He still teaching? You tell him I said hello.

Skyler: I will definitely do that. To be honest, Ted, I didn't just stop by to say hello. I was applying for the data entry job.

Ted: You're kidding. You were like our go-to bookkeeper.

Skyler: The economy, you know, so.

Ted: Well, data entry, that'd be a mistake. How about getting your old job back? We're expanding and between you and me, that whole department is pretty much of a mess. Your work would be cut out for you. But we could use your help.

Scene: Jesse’s Apartment

Walter: Now, this is our territory, right? Currently. Hello? Correct. All right, then. Now, look at this. Here, here, here and here. What does that look like to you? Opportunities. Golden ones. That's what that looks like. Look. It's an entire city full of buyers. Now, why aren't we exploiting that?

Jesse: Because it's not our territory.

Walter: Because we lack initiative.

Jesse: Initiative?

Walter: You need to employ more dealers. Double, triple your crew. Those three I met they should each have three, six, nine sub-dealers working for them. Exponential growth that's the key.

Jesse: It's not our territory. Man, you follow me, here? We go rolling into these neighborhoods, other crews ain't going to take kindly. You understand?

Walter: Sure. They won't like it. But I say they're not going to do a thing about it. Listen, Jesse. The game has changed. The word is out. And you are a k*ller.

Jesse: What are you talking about?

Walter: Apparently it's all over town. Somebody crossed you. You got angry. You crushed their skull with an ATM machine.

Jesse: But that's not how it happened.

Walter: Who cares? Just as long as it's our competitors who believe it and not the police.

Jesse: My God.

Walter: Don't you see how great this is? Look, you are a Jesse, look at me. You are a blowfish.

Jesse: What?

Walter: A blowfish. Think about it. Small in stature, not swift, not cunning. Easy prey for predators. But the blowfish has a secret w*apon, doesn't he? What does the blowfish do, Jesse? What does the blowfish do?

Jesse: I don't even...

Walter: The blowfish puffs up. The blowfish puffs himself up four or five times larger than normal. And why? Why does he do that? So that it makes him intimidating, that's why. Intimidating, so that the other scarier fish are scared off. And that's you. You are a blowfish. You see? It's just all an illusion. See? It's nothing but air. Now, who messes with the blowfish, Jesse?

Jesse: Nobody.

Walter: You're damn right.

Jesse: I'm a blowfish.

Walter: You are a blowfish. Say it again.

Jesse: I'm a blowfish.

Walter: Say it like you mean it.

Jesse: I'm a blowfish! Yeah!

Walter: That's it.

Jesse: Blowfishing this up.

Scene: Hotel Room (El Paso)

Tortuga: The SkyMall. Give me the SkyMall, would you? Vanco, new guy don't speak Spanish. What's up? Hey, white boy, better learn Espanol, huh? This ain't Branson, Missouri. You know what I'm talking about? You know what? I'll teach you. It means "Let's make a deal." So go ahead. We're waiting. Vaya, vaya. Right here. Item SS4G. Yankee Stadium, "Final Season" Commemorative Baseball, hand-signed by Derek Jeter. Vanco, write this down. Man, watch out. Large size floor runner. Look at that. It's a rug you put on the floor, except for it looks like a hundred dollar bill. I love them. Get me 20 of them. I'm going to put them all over my casa.

Ramey: We'll get you three.

Tortuga: You give me ten.

Ramey: Five.

Hank: How about you stop jerking us off, here? Where's the meet? When's it going down?

Tortuga: White boy don't like "Let's make a deal."

Hank: White boy's going to kick your ass, you don't stop wasting his time.

Ramey: Schrader.

Tortuga: White boy. My name's Tortuga. You know what that means?

Hank: Well, if I had to guess, I'd say that's Spanish for "assh*le.”

Tortuga: "Tortuga" means "turtle." That's me. I take my time, but I always win. That reminds me. Wait, I seen this earlier, lookit. This is awesome, homes. Right there. Look at that. The Tranquil Tortoise garden sculpture. Definitely two of those. Check it out. Mira. Good likeness.

Scene: White Residence

Marie: Hank's doing great down there. He's really making inroads.

Skyler: I'm sure he is. He's a hero, after all. So, you going to go down to El Paso?

Marie: Please. It's third-world enough around here. They keep him busy every second. He's already got some big operation going, some kind of hush-hush deal. He couldn't tell me a thing about it except it's on the other side of the border.

Skyler: That sounds exciting. He's being safe, right?

Marie: He says he's mostly riding a desk, which between you and me, is how I want it.

Skyler: Speaking of riding desks I got myself a job today.

Marie: You did not. As big as you are?

Skyler: Thank you.

Marie: You know I just mean...Where? With who? Well, someone willing to work around that, apparently.

Skyler: Beneke.

Marie: You did not. Is Mr. Grabby-Hands still there?

Skyler: It was one time at a Christmas party, and he was so drunk he was practically slurring his words.

Marie: Just what you want in an executive.

Skyler: And he apologized profusely. Plus, he's married. He doesn't want to get sued for sexual harassment. It will not happen again.

Marie: Is money that tight? You know we can always help out.

Skyler: You know Walt. He would just…

Marie: Speak of the devil.

Walter: How are you? What's up?

Marie: Nothing much. How's things with you?

Walter: Good.

Skyler: Dinner will be about an hour. And…

Walter: Thanks, honey.

Skyler: Everything okay?

Walter: Everything's perfect.

Scene: White Residence (Next Day)

Walter Jr: This is Raisin Bran, not Raisin Bran Crunch.

Skyler: So? Same thing.

Walter Jr: Not the same thing.

Skyler: I'll tell you what. Why don't you do the grocery shopping? And then you can get whatever you want. Great!

Walter Jr: It's not that hard, Mom. It says "crunch" on the box.

Skyler: You're pushing it.

Walter: Morning.

Skyler: Morning, honey.

Walter Jr: Dad, notice anything?

Walter: Is there a funeral today?

Skyler: A funeral? Christ, do I look that bad?

Walter Jr: Mom got a job.

Walter: A job? Why?

Skyler: Do I need to get out the checkbook and show you?

Walter: Is this a good idea in your condition?

Skyler: The doctor said I can work practically up until I go into labor. And it's just an office job. I'm just sitting on my butt.

Walter: Where?

Skyler: Beneke. I'm back working in the accounting department.

Walter: Skyler, what about the welding fumes? Isn't that why you had to quit in the first place?

Skyler: They've gone green since then. They have some kind of green welding or something. I didn't smell anything when I was in there.

Walter: Didn't Mr. Beneke pass away? Who's running things?

Skyler: Ted. His son. Anyway, I have got to go. I don't want to be late on my first day back. Wish me luck.

Walter: Good luck.

Scene: Outside Jesse’s Apartment

Jane: You left your cave.

Jesse: I was kind of missing my TV. I was thinking maybe I'd h*t Costco. Snag a big-ass wide screen. So What you drawing? Damn. That's good. It'd make a hell of a tat.

Jane: That's the plan.

Jesse: Really?

Jane: I work part-time down at ABQ Ink.

Jesse: Right on. You're a real good drawer. I used to do a little of that.

Jane: You used to be a drawer, too? What stopped you?

Jesse: You know, just...so, tell me something. What kind of tattoo artist has no tattoos?

Jane: That's way too big a commitment.

Biker: You're Pinkman. You're the man! Everybody's been talking about you. Right on, man. Keep it real.

Jane: Pinkman, huh? I thought your name was Jackson.

Scene: Desert (El Paso)

Hank: Your snitch has really earned his nickname. Are we just on manana time?

Vanco: They'll show.

Hank: Why's that? You got more catalogs for him to clean out? You know, Sharper Image or Pottery Barn? Something I need to know about?

Vanco: What? That? We were just, singing your praises. Glad to have you. Welcome aboard.

Hank: Is that your guy? I think that's your guy. What the hell is he doing down there?

Vanco: Where you going?

Hank: We need an evidence bag, right? Pretty big one.

Vanco: What's the matter? You act like you never saw a severed human head on a tortoise before. Welcome to - ah! God damn, my leg!

Scene: Science Museum

Jesse: The game has changed, yo. This is our city. All right? All of it. The whole damn place. Our territory. We're staking our claim. We sell when we want, where we want. We're going to be kings. Understand? Well, I'm going to be king and you guys will be princes or dukes or something.

Badger: I want to be a knight.

Jesse: First thing's first. We got to get more dealers. Foot soldiers. Right? Now they'll be working for you. You're working for me, and they're working for you. You follow me? Layered, like nachos. Exponential growth. Now that's success, with a capital "S". Straight up.

Skinny Pete: For shizzle.

Badger: Friggin' awesome.

Scene: Parking Lot

Jesse: We're set. Our boys are ready. Gonna be some mad cheddar. Cheddar, Mr. White. Fat stacks, d*ad presidents. Cash money. We're going to own this city.

Walter: We're not charging enough.

Jesse: What?

Walter: Corner the market, then raise the price. Simple economics.

Scene: Beneke Fabrications

Skyler: Come on in.

Ted: Looks like they got you all set up.

Skyler: Yeah. It's perfect. I am close enough to the bathroom not to waddle too far, and that's very nice.

Ted: I figured that might be a deal-breaker.

Skyler: Listen, I wanted to thank you for having me back.

Ted: You don't have to thank me. I need you.

Skyler: It's a little early for wine, isn't it?

Ted: Damn. It's grape juice. I've been making the girls breakfast in the morning.

Skyler: How's Denise doing?

Ted: We split up about a year ago.

Skyler: I'm sorry.

Ted: She's definitely happier now. I guess I am, too, most days. Together since high school.

Skyler: I remember that.

Ted: Anyway I don't know. People change. I just wanted to welcome you back. I'll see you around the vending machines. We should have lunch one day. Like old times.

Skyler: Sure.

Scene: Back Patio of Jesse’s Apartment

Jesse: So, listen. My name's not really Jesse Jackson. It's Jesse Pinkman. And that guy you met, he's not my dad. You're not going to kick me out, are you? 'Cause I actually really like it here.

Jane: I don't make it my business what you do. So long as you don't do it here.

Jesse: So, I got this kick-ass new flat-screen. Want to see?

Scene: Inside Apartment

Jesse: It's got that thing where the blacks are, like, you know, really, really, really black, and the Dolby six-point-whatever, so it'll really rock the house. But I'll, you know I'll keep it way down. Of course. I don't know what the hell's taking so long. Come on.

[Episode 8]
Scene: Bench

Cop: You selling?

Badger: I don't know what you're talking about.

Cop: That's cool. I'm just saying, you know, if you were selling, I could maybe do with a teenth.

Badger: You're kidding, right? Dude, I so smell bacon.

Cop: What? What are you talking about?

Badger: Gee, I don't know. How about over there. That brown van. That's yours, right?

Cop: What brown van?

Badger: Parked all inconspicuous. It's a cop van. Another one right over there. "Duke City Flowers?” Come on! Can't you at least be original?

Cop: Dude, I just want to get high.

Badger: A flower van. You know what you should do is a garbage truck. Seriously. And I don't mean to disrespect. But if you put a bunch of cops in the back of a garbage truck, there's no way, I'm seriously thinking that there's cops in the back of a garbage truck. It's a freebie, yo. Just think about it. Think about it, boys!

Cop: All right. I'm hitting it.

Badger: You dudes give up that easy?

Cop: I'm not a cop.

Badger: Then lift your shirt. Show me you're not wearing a wire.

Cop: All right, you know what? Just to show you you're being an assh*le.

Badger: I'm blinded by white!

Cop: Douchebag.

Badger: Come on. I was joking. Come on. Don't walk away angry. Sit down. Come on. I mean, what are you complaining about? You got abs, man. Kinda.

Cop: Whatever, dude. I'm not even sure I want to buy anymore. I think you turned me off to the whole thing.

Badger: Come on. Don't be like that. I just need you to prove it, you know? Prove you're not a cop.

Cop: How the hell am I supposed to do that?

Badger: I don't know. I got it. Go over there and punch that dude right in the face.

Cop: Which dude? That dude? No way. He'd kick my ass.

Badger: True that. This is so hard, you know?

Cop: I know. It's simple. If you ask a cop if he's a cop, he's, like, obligated to tell you. It's in the Constitution.

Badger: Constitution of America?

Cop: So go ahead and ask.

Badger: Are you a cop?

Cop: Not like that. Ask it, like, official.

Badger: Are you a police officer?

Cop: I am not a police officer.

Badger: Okay, then. The price is the price, yo. All right. There you go. Enjoy.

Cop: Thanks, man. Albuquerque Police! You're under arrest! Get on the ground! Get on your stomach now! On your stomach, get on the ground! Hold it, don't move! Stay down!

Scene: Jesse’s Apartment

Commercial Guy #1: I had a good job until my boss accused me of stealing. I'd better call Saul!

Commercial Guy #2: I was out partying, minding my own business.

Girl Cop: You are under arrest.

Commercial Guy #2: I'd better call Saul!

Saul: Hi. I'm Saul Goodman. Did you know that you have rights? The Constitution says you do. And so do I. I believe that until proven guilty, every man, woman, and child in this country is innocent. And that's why I fight for you, Albuquerque! Better call Saul. Saul Goodman, attorney at law.

Jesse: I really need to get some furniture.

Jane: I suggest you start with a bed.

Jesse: God, I wish we could smoke in here.

Jane: Well, you can't.

Jesse: I know. I know. I'm just saying.

Jane: Don't think I can't smell that weed. You better seriously hope that airs out. My dad will keep your security deposit. He has a nose like a damn bloodhound.

Jesse: Has he ever caught you?

Jane: Many times.

Jesse: Well, listen. Since I already lost my deposit and all, maybe we should light up. You sure? Well, is it cool if I burn one? Maybe you'll change your mind.

Jane: Do what you want to do, I guess.

Jesse: What'd I say?

Jane: Nothing. I just have to go is all.

Jesse: What's this?

Jane: My 18-month chip. I'm in recovery. And you know, pot is, like, stepping stones.

Jesse: Recovery? That's cool. Right on. I respect that. You know, I don't really burn much anymore. It's just a sometime thing. But no more, like, in the house. So, you want to go grab some dinner? I could really go for some Chinese.

Jane: I better h*t it.

Jesse: We cool?

Jane: Your satellite's on, by the way. That screen's bad-ass.

Scene: White Residence

Walter: I just think it's asking a lot.

He knows it. He's done nothing but apologize.

Walter: Is this going to be every weekend now?

Skyler: It's just the end of the quarter. You remember how that was. But I am earning double time. There's a bright side. So, when the laziest boy in the world wakes up, tell him he better wash those sneakers. And I said "Bye." And tell him to let them air dry this time. I don't want them banging the hell out of my dryer. What?

Walter: What, you don't even get a casual Saturday? You look nice is all.

Skyler: It's work. Everybody's gonna be there. Maybe we'll order a pizza tonight?

Walter: Hi. You've reached Walt, Skyler, and Walter Junior. Please leave a message, and we'll get back to you.

Marie: Skyler? Are you there? I just don't know what to do. I need to talk to you.

Walter: It's me. What's up?

Scene: Hank and Marie’s House

Marie: Yesterday I got home and found him. He didn't even tell me he was coming.

Walter: A man was k*lled?

Marie: A federale, right in front of him. Three agents wounded, one lost his leg. It's like what you hear about in Iraq or something. The IEDs. Oh, Jesus. I had to hear about it from Steve Gomez. Hank talked to his ASAC for about an hour. Hank should win an Oscar. He's so damn breezy with the man. He hangs up the phone, goes right back to bed. And all he keeps saying is, "I'm fine. I'm fine. Leave me alone."

Hank: Baby, not now.

Walter: It's me, Hank. Sorry.

Hank: Hey, buddy. What's up?

Walter:I just, do you mind if I...So how you doing?

Hank: You know. Lousy. Montezuma's Revenge, big time. I mean, everything's going through me like crap through a tin horn. Better not get too close.

Walter: I'll take my chances.

Hank: I guess you heard about what happened down in Juarez?

Walter: Terrible.

Hank: What do you expect? Freakin' animals. Like Apocalypse Now down there. It's like Colonel Kurtz holed up in his jungle. And my SAC in El Paso sends me home. Now, that's a sound leadership decision right there, huh? You don't put your second most senior man on the trail of those motherless bastards, you send him home. I was, you know, "He's out getting an evidence bag, and so ends up without a scratch on him." So must be something wrong with that picture.

Walter: So are you home for good?

Hank: Playing it by ear. "To be determined."

Walter: Think you might want to talk it through with somebody?

Hank: What? A shrink? I can't. Start going down that road, kiss your career goodbye.

Walter: Or Marie. Or me, if you like.

Hank: You know, I don't know how to say this. You know, the things I deal with, you and me don't have much of what you might call an experiential overlap.

Walter: What if I told you we do? I have spent my whole life scared. Frightened of things that could happen, might happen, might not happen. Finding myself awake at 3 in the morning. But you know what? Ever since my diagnosis I sleep just fine. And I came to realize it's that fear that's the worst of it. That's the real enemy. So get up. Get out in the real world. And you kick that bastard as hard as you can right in the teeth.

Scene: Jesse’s Apartment

Walter: Do it again. Go on.

Jesse: $10,000 even. Same as last time. It's totally accurate.

Walter: You and I, we are gonna feed this machine. I want it running 24 hours a day.

Jesse: Right on.

Walter: Not yours, I take it.

Jesse: We got 10, 20, 30, 44, five each.

Walter: Three pounds should be 48 each. Who's short?

Jesse: Don't freak. We didn't get ripped off. Badger hasn't kicked in his full amount. I know he's planning on pulling an all-nighter, so he's probably still in the sack.

Walter: Then wake him up. He can sleep after we're paid.

Jesse: Why you gotta be such a hard on?

Walter: You're not his pal. You're his boss. This only works when they're scared of you.

Jesse: Jack off. It's going straight to voicemail.

Walter: Voicemail?

Jesse: Just chill, okay? Count your money. Combo, you seen Badger? Yo, don't you cover for him, bitch! I ask you a straight-up question, I expect a straight-up answer!

Walter: Well?

Jesse: They were too scared to tell me. Badger got busted. He's in jail.

Scene: Police Station

Hank: Honey, I'm home! Too slow! What's up?

Steve: You've got more lives than a damn cat.

Hank: Now if I can only learn to lick myself. What's up, guys? Good to see you. All right! Let's all go back to work, for Christ's sake! In my office, man. Let's see what you bozos have been up to lately.

Steve: You okay? Hanging in?

Hank: What's it look like? What's this from APD?

Steve: I been checking with them to see if they come across that blue meth of yours. Sure enough, last night. Got themselves an honest-to-God dealer. I was thinking of cruising over and saying hello. Maybe you'd like to go with me.

Hank: Well, all right.

Scene: Interrogation Room

Badger: You told me to my face you weren't a cop, man. I feel manipulated. I thought we were gonna hang out.

Cop: We are hanging out, Badger. You like Badger or Brandon?

Badger: I like people who don't, like, abuse the Constitution.

Cop: Badger, listen. I'm trying to help you here, man. If you just tell me who your supplier is, I think this can end very well for you.

Saul: What are you doing talking to my client without me present? You Sneaky Pete! Which is which? What, did the Academy hire you right out of the womb? You guys get younger every...what'd you say to Baby-Face? Did you say anything stupid? By anything stupid, I mean anything at all. Look at you. Mouth open, vocal chords a-twitter. We'll talk about it later. Right now, you out. Ten minutes ago! Go on! There are laws, detective. Have your kindergarten teacher read 'em to you. Go grab a juice box. Have a nap. Go on. All right. Who do we have? Brandon Mayhew. All right. Here we go. Public masturbation.

Badger: What?

Saul: I don't get it. What's the kick? Why don't you do it at home, like the rest of us with a big flat-screen TV. In a Starbucks. That's nice.

Badger: That ain't me, man! I was the guy who was selling meth. Allegedly.

Saul: All right. I got you. Meth. Right. Sorry, that was a little transpositional error. Nothing a little Wite-Out can't take care of. And a felony quantity.

Badger: Just barely.

Saul: Yeah, just barely. The cops around here are like butchers, always got their thumbs on the scales. But good luck arguing that in court. Let me get down to brass tacks. I'm going to get you a second phone call. You're gonna call your mommy or your daddy or your parish priest or your Boy Scout leader, and they're going to deliver me a check for $4,650. I'll write that down on the back of my business card. And I need that in a cashier's check or a money order, doesn't matter. Actually, I want it in a money order. And make it out to Ice Station Zebra Associates. That's my loan-out. It's totally legit. It's done just for tax purposes. After that, we can discuss Visa or MasterCard, but definitely not American Express, so don't even ask. Any questions?

Badger: You're gonna get me off, right?

Saul: I look like your high school girlfriend? Five fingers, no waiting? That's a joke, Brandon. Lighten up. Son, I promise you this. I will give you the best criminal defense that money can buy.

Scene: Hallway

Saul: Francesca, I took these already. Didn't I take these already? Look, it's on your head. You're not supposed to double up on Vitamin A. It's bad for the liver. Okay, who's next? Did him. I did him. That one went public defender. Thanks for nothing. What happened to my masturbator? You got me all turned around. Hang on. I'll get back to you. Gentlemen, I sense you're discussing my client. Anything you care to share with me?

Hank: Sure. Your commercials? They suck ass. I've seen better acting in an epileptic whorehouse.

Saul: Is that like the one your mom works at? Is she still offering the two-for-one discount? DEA, huh? For a street bust. Now, what would two feds want with that little twerp?
Scene: Parking Lot

Jesse: Sooner or later, this was gonna happen. You want your exponential growth, guys are gonna get busted. Simple as that.

Walter: So how about we get him a real attorney? I mean, what the hell is this? This is who he hires?

Jesse: What? Are you kidding me? This is the guy you want. This is the guy I'd hire.

Walter: Oh, it's the guy you'd hire.

Jesse: Look, you remember Emilio? This dude got Emilio off, like, twice. Both times, they had him d*ad to rights, yo. And then poof! Dude's like Houdini. Seriously, when the going gets tough, you don't want a criminal lawyer. You want a "criminal" lawyer. Know what I'm saying? Look, we're in good shape, Mr. White. Badger's way too loyal to roll. Plus he's scared shitless of me. We pay four large. Cost of business. Take it out of his payroll. And it's only his first dealing rap, so worst case scenario? They plead him out, he does five months picking up litter in an orange jumpsuit.

Walter: So who goes inside? I don't need them seeing my face.

Jesse: I don't need them seeing my face.

Walter: Why not? You look like his typical clientele.

Jesse: Dick.

Walter: Fine. We'll flip for it. Call it.

Jesse: Heads.

Scene: Saul’s Waiting Room

Francesca: Mayhew? Mr. Mayhew?

Scene: Saul’s Office

Saul: Mr. Mayhew. Nice of you to come down. Please. Look at you. Should I call the FBI and tell them I found D.B. Cooper? Joking. Please, come on. Come on. Please. Saul Goodman. Please sit. So it's a shame that we have to meet under these circumstances. I believe you have something for me? Mayhew. Is that Irish or English?

Walter: Irish.

Saul: Faith and begorrah! A fellow potato-eater. My real name's McGill. The Jew thing I just do for the homeboys. They all want a pipe-hittin' member of the tribe, so to speak. I digress. Good things are happening. Fact is, your nephew's gonna get out in no time.

Walter: That's wonderful.

Saul: There's still a few details to be ironed out, but now that the DEA is involved, I think he's looking at time served and probation. So leave your number with Francesca, and we'll be in touch.

Walter: Excuse me, the DEA?

Saul: That's the Drug Enforcement Administration. The feds. I hope that I'm not the breaker of bad news, but your nephew got mixed up with some pretty nasty customers.

Walter: I understand that. But what does that have to do with the DEA?

Saul: They're after some mystery man, some heavy-hitter that goes by the name Heisenberg. They want this guy like the ax wants the turkey. Seems young Brandon may have information that could lead to his arrest. Jesus, cheer up! This is good news. I mean, Brandon fell head-first into the doo-doo pile and came up smelling like Paco Rabanne.

Walter: Look, look. I just think that we should review our options.

Saul: Options? I'm gonna tell you what your options are. And you got a grand total of two. Option A, Brandon takes the deal. Option B, Brandon goes up to the penitentiary and gets his rectum resized about yay big.

Walter: Look, look. What about reprisals? I mean, if Badger, if Brandon informs on this Heisenberg I mean, what if, God forbid, that they decide to take revenge?

Saul: What have you been telling him? The kid keeps spouting off about "if I talk, they'll k*ll me." Right now, he's the only thing holding up this deal.

Walter: Good.

Saul: No, that's not good. That's terrible. Trust me, sir, your nephew won't last in prison two weeks. You let him take his chances on the outside. Maybe I can work in some witness protection.

Walter: No, look, look. These are vicious, desperate people. I've been told that one of them k*lled another man by crushing his head with an ATM machine.

Saul: People love to take credit for the fun ones. The guy who got his head smooshed used to be a client of mine. His wife k*lled him, all right? It was open and shut. Trust me, you folks have nothing to worry about, okay? I'm gonna set your nephew straight, get him singing like a canary, all's right with the world.

Walter: $10,000. Cash to you. I'm not saying to throw the case. Just no talking to the DEA.

Saul: Are you saying what I think you're saying?
Scene: Parking Lot

Jesse: What's it going to be? That dude wouldn't take a bribe? That dude in there? Saul Goodman we're talking about?

Walter: "Morally outraged," he said. thr*at to call the police.

Jesse: And Badger's gonna spill?

Walter: Like the Exxon Valdez.

Jesse: So what do we do about it?

Scene: Parking Lot

Saul: Francesca, how about I follow you home?

Francesca: No!

Saul: For safety! What? God, you are k*lling me with that booty.

Scene: Desert

Saul: Talk to me, guys! Come on. Just tell me what you want! Jesus! No no no! It wasn't me! It was Ignacio! He's the one! ¡Siempre! ¡Soy amigo! ¡Siempre soy amigo del cartel!

Jesse: Shut up! Shut up! All right, just speak English.

Saul: Lalo didn't send you? No Lalo?

Jesse: Who?

Saul: Thank God! I thought...what can I do for you, gentlemen? Anything! Just tell me what you need.

Jesse: This afternoon, an associate of ours offered you $10,000. You should have taken it!

Saul: Wait a minute. This is in regards to what's-his-name?

Jesse: Badger! Brandon Mayhew.

Saul: The uncle. That was your guy? No offense, guys, but I don't take bribes from strangers, you know? Better safe than sorry. That's my motto. But I'll take your money! Sure!

Jesse: Nah. That offer's expired, yo.

Saul: It was kind of low anyways. But okay, okay, I'll take it. Just tell me what you need. I'm easy. I'm going to keep a happy thought and assume this is just a negotiating tactic.

Jesse: All right, listen to me very carefully. You are going to give Badger Mayhew the best legal representation ever. But no deals with the DEA! All right? Badger will not identify anyone to anybody. If he does, you're d*ad!

Saul: Why don't you just k*ll Badger? Follow me, guys, but if a mosquito's buzzing around you, it bites you on the ass, you don't go g*n for the mosquito's attorney. You go grab a flyswatter. I mean, so to speak. I mean, all due respect, do I have to spell this out for you?

Jesse: We're not k*lling Badger, yo!

Saul: Then you got real problems. 'Cause the DEA is gonna come down on your boy like a proverbial ton of bricks. I don't think I'm going out on a limb here, but he's not gonna like prison. He's gonna sing like Celine Dion regardless of what you do to me. Mr. Mayhew? I recognize your cough. Take that mask off. Get some air. Go on. Take it easy! Breathe in, breathe out. I'm gonna stand up, all right? 'Cause I got bad knees. That's better. Now listen. The three of us are gonna work this out.

Walter: How?

Saul: First things first, you're gonna put a dollar in my pocket, both of you. You want attorney-client privilege? So that everything you say is strictly between us. I mean it! Put a dollar in my pocket. Come on, make it official. Come on, do it! That's it. Come on. Just a dollar. All right, now you, ski bum. Come on. Give with the dollar. Go on. Be smart. What?

Jesse: All I got's a 5.

Saul: I'll take a 5! Come on, already. Come on. Be cool. You're now both officially represented by Saul Goodman and Associates. Your secrets are safe with me under thr*at of disbarment. Take the ski mask off. I feel like I'm talking to the Weather Underground.

Walter: Do it.

Saul: So if a prison shanking is completely off the table and we're sure of that?

Jesse: No shanking!

Saul: Then the way I see it is somebody's going to prison. It's just a matter of who.

Scene: Interrogation Room

Hank: All right. Lame-ass TV ads aside, your lawyer here, he cooked you up a pretty k*ller deal. Time served, no probation. He's pretty slick. Couldn't believe the judge went for it. Don't get cocky. You ain't home free yet. You don't give us the name of your supplier, you're going nowhere.

Saul: Agent, the tough guy act is unnecessary. This young man is cooperating fully.

Hank: Is that right? You cooperating? Let's start with a name.

Badger: He just goes by Heisenberg.

Hank: How old's this Heisenberg?

Badger: Old. Like 50 or 70 or something.

Hank: Height?

Badger: Average, I guess. Medium height, medium weight.

Hank: What color hair?

Badger: No hair. Dude's balder than you.

Scene: Saul’s Office

Saul: 1963, James Edward Kilkelly is convicted of stealing a vending machine. 1975, breaking and entering. 1982, grand theft auto. 1984, armed robbery. 1987, 1992. You get the idea. And here he is today. Better known today as Jimmy In-'n-Out. City, State, and Federal. He's spent 44 of the last 58 years inside. An entire life behind bars. Jimmy provides a very special service. For a price, Jimmy will go to prison for you.

Jesse: On purpose? The guy goes to prison on purpose?

Saul: He's actually more comfortable inside. The outside world hasn't been too kind to him. Sometime during the Clinton administration, Jimmy figured out how he could use his talents to turn a profit.

Walter: When does all this happen?

Saul: It's already happening. The buy is set for tomorrow. Cops bust Jimmy, Badger gets out, everybody's happy, and all it's gonna cost you is 80,000 and one pound of your finest meth.

Walter: $80,000 for eight years of his life, huh?

Saul: First of all, he's not gonna do eight years. I'm gonna represent him, and I guarantee there's gonna be some unexpected problems with the prosecution's case. Secondly, he gets 30.

Walter: You get 50? For what?

Saul: For facilitating. Who's taking a bigger risk? He likes prison. You did bring the cash, didn't you? Look, if this option is too expensive, you can still always Badger in the chow line. Conscience gets expensive, doesn't it? All right.

Scene: Bench

Cop: There's our boy. Right on time.

Jesse: Go back.

Walter: What? All right. So what do you think? Did they see us?

Jesse: I think we're good. Badger looks like he's gonna throw up.

Walter: Give me those back. Just give them to me! Where the hell is Jimmy? He should have been here ten minutes ago.

Jesse: You think Jimmy's actually for real? A guy who wants to be in prison?

Walter: There's more than one kind of prison.

Jesse: What the hell is that supposed to mean?

Walter: Wait a minute.

Jesse: What? What? Let me see. Who the hell is that?

Walter: I don't know.

Cop: Mr. Heisenberg, I presume. Time to move?

Hank: Not till we see the exchange.

Jesse: What? Now he shows.

Badger: Okay, let's do this.

Jesse: Oh my God. Jimmy's on the wrong bench. Crap! We are screwed! What are you doing?

Cop: I don't get it. What's the holdup?

Badger: Where's the stuff, man?

Jesse: Where are we going?

Walter: Just shut up. Get out. Go stop him.

Jesse: The DEA is right there. If they see me, we're screwed.

Walter: Get out. I'll do something.

Jesse: What?

Walter: Go! Hank, I thought that was you!

Cop: Schrader, I'm blocked.

Hank: Not a good time.

Walter: How you doing? Are you feeling okay?

Cop: Schrader, I'm blocked.

Hank: We're working. You gotta get out of here.

Walter: You're working? Like DEA working? Is something going down?

Jesse: Wrong guy! Wrong guy! Other bench.

Hank: Move your ass now!

Walter: Okay. I'll go and leave you alone.

Hank: We'll talk about it later. Just floor it! Floor it!

Walter: Forward is better? I'll be out of the way then? I'm sorry. All right? I'm sorry. I'll leave you alone.

Hank: We'll talk later. Just go.

Cop: Where'd he go? Where the hell'd he go? Wait. Got him. Looks like it's going down. Take 'em!

Walter: I think they bought it.

Cop: Absolutely. Textbook bust, sir. Yes, sir. Looks like we got a full pound of the blue stuff. And Heisenberg's real name? James Kilkelly. Thank you very much. It was my pleasure.

Scene: Jesse’s Apartment

Jane: You weren't home, so I let the delivery guys in. I hope that's okay.

Jesse: Absolutely.

Jane: So you bought a bed. What is that? A king? Pillow top?

Scene: Walter’s Classroom

Saul: Oh my God. You really are a chemistry teacher. You mind? I was terrible at chemistry. I'm more of a humanities guy.

Walter: How did you find me?

Saul: We should talk about that. It should be much, much harder for people to track you down. My P. I. charged me for three hours, so I seriously doubt it took him more than one.

Walter: So this is what, blackmail?

Saul: Walter, I'm your lawyer. Anything you say to me is totally privileged. I'm not in the shake-down racket. I'm a lawyer. Even drug dealers need lawyers, right? Especially drug dealers.

Walter: So what, you're just doing this out of the kindness of your heart?

Saul: Come on. Have you seen my hourly rate? By the way, where do you keep the money? Is it in your mattress? Is it in a jelly jar, buried in the side yard? You know, this kid Mayhew may be the first of your guys to get picked up, but he won't be the last. And if I can find you, how far behind can the cops be?

Walter: I don't understand. What exactly are you offering to do for me?

Saul: What did Tom Hagen do for Vito Corleone?

Walter: I'm no Vito Corleone.

Saul: No shit! Right now, you're Fredo. But with some sound advice and the proper introductions, who knows? I'll tell you one thing, you've got the right product. Anything that gets the DEA's panties in this big a bunch you're onto something special. And I would like to be a small and silent part of it. Food for thought, yeah? So if you want to make more money and keep the money that you make "Better call Saul!"

[Episode 9]
Scene: Waiting Room

Marie: These people. Pathetic. I already read that one anyway. Kleinman has better magazines.

Walter: You know, you guys really don't need to hang around. We won't even get the results till next week.

Hank: Buddy, we're going to be here. You kidding me?

Marie: It is a full PET/CT, correct? You definitely want the PET/CT and not just the PET.

Skyler: It's a PET/CT.

Marie: Good. That's what you want. Some places skimp, and they only do the PET. I'm not naming any names, but I just still don't understand why you don't go to Kleinman.

Skyler: This is where Walt's doctor is.

Marie: With us, you wouldn't have to wait until next week to get the results. I'm sorry, but these scans are not that difficult to read. I could take one look at Walt's and tell you immediately how he's doing. Really. Doctors like people to think that they're so much smarter than the technicians, but you would be surprised how much they come to us for input.

Walter: Never turn down a chance to h*t the bathroom, huh? Excuse me.

Scene: Restroom

Guy: You all right in there? You okay?

Walter: I'm fine, thank you.

Scene: X-Ray Room

Technician: Sir, you can go back to your changing room and get dressed.

Walter: So, how'd we do?

Technician: You did fine.

Walter: See anything?

Technician: I'm just a technician, Mr. White. Dr. Delcavoli will go over the results with you next week.

Scene: Saul’s Office

Saul: Sorry. Actually, the money laundering aspect is fairly straightforward. But I gotta tell ya, the not-telling-your-wife aspect? Most people want to know why they suddenly got rich.

Walter: If she finds out, it's after I'm gone.

Saul: How much time they giving you?

Walter: Weeks. Maybe.

Saul: Sorry to hear it. I was hoping we could make some real money together. Oh, well. Let's crunch some numbers. How much money are we laundering?

Walter: At this time, $16,000.

Saul: How long have you been doing this?

Walter: We've had some extenuating circumstances.

Saul: Apparently. All right, 16,000 laundered at 75 cents on the dollar, minus my fee, which is 17%, comes to $9,960. Congratulations. You just left your family a second hand Subaru.

Walter: We'll just have to cook more, a lot more.

Saul: Yeah, that's my legal opinion. Make hay while the sun is still shining.

Scene: White Residence

Skyler: You know, we should do something this weekend. Get our minds off the test results?

Walter: Actually, I'm thinking I should go see Mom.

Skyler: Really?

Walter: You know, I never did call her.

Skyler: You're expecting the news from the scan to be bad. God. I need you to stay positive with me here. I am.

Walter: Positive is good. I'm all for positive, but positive doesn't change facts. All right? It doesn't change the need to be prepared.

Skyler: I know. I'm just trying to be hopeful, okay? You know? Forgive me.

Walter: Look, I need to know Mom's going to leave you something if I'm no longer around. I just need to get that straight. That's all. And believe me, I'm going to earn every penny of it, too. Complaining about her nurses the entire time. "Juanita is hiding my ashtray." A 30-minute discourse about how the sugar packets are suddenly disappearing. And, oh, she's counting every one of them. You know? I'll be lucky if I get a word in edgewise.

Skyler: I actually think the news from the scan is going to be good. Perhaps you should prepare for that.

Scene: Jesse’s Apartment

Jane: We should do something.

Jesse: Yeah, we should.

Jane: No, something else. We should go somewhere. Have you been to the Georgia O'Keeffe Museum?

Jesse: Is that the one with the A-b*mb?

Jane: Georgia O'Keeffe. She's a painter. You've never heard of Georgia O'Keeffe?

Jesse: Who is it?

Jane: Boy, you need some educating.

Jesse: Yes, I do. Come here.

Jane: Why don't we go up to Santa Fe? We'll make a day of it.

Jesse: You want to go all the way to Santa Fe for a museum?

Jane: Yep, we're going. Get up.

Jesse: Why can't we just go to the movies or putt-putt? It's the shit.

Jane: A little culture won't k*ll you. Besides, you might like it. A lot of her paintings look like vaginas.

Jesse: Really?

Jane: Is there still cereal?

Jesse: Yo, if I know you, leave a message.

Walter: Where the hell are you? Pick up the phone. Hello, Jesse. Pick up.

Jesse: Hold on, hold on. Sorry. One sec. What?

Walter: I've been trying to reach you. Where's your drop phone?

Jesse: I've been busy.

Walter: Clear your social calendar. We have to cook.

Jesse: What? Today?

Walter: No. You'll need today at least to gather supplies. Now, we're going to need all new glassware, heating mantles, and about a hundred pounds of ice. Do you have a paper and pencil? You should be writing this down.

Jesse: Go shopping yourself. I got plans.

Walter: Smoking marijuana, eating Cheetos, and mastarbating do not constitute plans in my book.

Jesse: Screw you and your book, man. I'm going to a museum in Santa Fe, not like you need to know.

Walter: You're going to a museum?

Jesse: Georgia O'Keeffe.

Walter: Georgia O’Keeffe?

Jesse: She's a painter? Duh? She does these vagina pictures. Or paintings. Or just painted. I don't know.

Walter: What are you even talking about?

Jesse: Why am I explaining myself to you? It's none of your damn business what I'm doing. All you need to know is I ain't cooking, shopping or whatever.

Walter: Let me explain something to you. You and I need to cook through to next Tuesday.

Jesse: Tuesday? Four days straight?

Walter: Like it or not, we have no choice.

Jesse: And why, exactly, is that?

Walter: Our methylamine. It's going bad.

Jesse: What?

Walter: It's losing its chemical potency. Now, unless stealing another barrel sounds good to you.

Jesse: Hell, no.

Walter: We have to act fast before it goes to waste. You have paper and pencil? Come on.

Jesse: All right, all right. Go.

Scene: Airport

Skyler: I wish you didn't have to do this.

Walter: Me, too. But I'll be back before you know it, and you can always call if you need me.

Skyler: And risk talking to your mother? That'd have to be some emergency. Love you. Fly safe, okay?

Walter: You brought a meth lab to the airport?

Jesse: What? You said we were in a hurry. I saved us a trip.

Walter: Did you get everything? All six? With reflux condensers? Yes, like I said. Just go. Drive. Go, go.

Jesse: Good morning to you, too, man.

Scene: Desert

Walter: Three entire bags of Funyuns?

Jesse: What? Funyuns are awesome.

Walter: God.

Jesse: More for me.

Walter: How about something with some protein, maybe? Something green, huh?

Jesse: Man, I'm getting no service.

Walter: How are you even alive?

Jesse: Yo, check your phone. You get any bars?

Walter: I've got a signal.

Jesse: Let me use yours, would ya?

Walter: Absolutely not. I have to assume Skyler checks my phone records. You know that.

Jesse: It's not business. It's personal.

Walter: Oh, personal. What, female?

Jesse: Maybe.

Walter: Absolutely, that's all I need. Skyler hits "redial" and some stripper answers.

Jesse: Look, she's not a stripper. Okay, dickwad?

Walter: Sorry. My wife checks. Drinking water? Is that all we've got? Ten gallons?

Jesse: What, you planning on taking a bath in it?

Walter: Oh, God. Not there. That is our work station.

Jesse: Our work station.

Walter: That's right. Why don't you try to find a place where it won't get lost? Considering this is our only set and we are a million miles from nowhere.

Jesse: Why don't you try sticking them up your ass sideways?

Jesse: 2.35 pounds.

Walter: 2.35.

Jesse: That's the last of it. How many total?

Walter: 19.

Jesse: Dollar-wise? How much?

Walter: Well, median weight 2.2 pounds. That's 41.8, call it 42 pounds at...what are we selling it for these days?

Jesse: 40 a pound.

Walter: $40,000?

Jesse: You said raise the prices.

Walter: All right, that's 40 times 42, minus distribution charges.

Jesse: What? What?

Walter: $672,000.

Jesse: All that?

Walter: Each.

Jesse: Each?

Walter: Each.

Jesse: Six hundred and...

Walter: Seventy-two thousand dollars each.

Jesse: Each! Yes! Hell, yeah! Come high, baby! Come on! Yes! Come on! Well, there goes the generator. I think that's it for the gas. Perfect timing, yo.

Walter: How do you figure that?

Jesse: What do you mean? We're done cooking.

Walter: I am not done until this barrel is empty. Look at that. I'd say we still got 10, 12 gallons of methylamine. Come on, where's your ambition?

Jesse: Jesus. Seriously? We are way ahead of schedule. Plus, the genny needs gas, we're almost out of propane, and my back is k*lling me from that piece-of-crap cot. Come on, can we at least just take the night off. Look, I don't have to take you back till Tuesday, right? So we come back tomorrow, strap on the sizzle and glass up the rest. Come on! There's got to be a Denny's out there someplace. Grand Slam? A hot shower? A bed?

Walter: Separate rooms.

Jesse: That's a given. The battery's d*ad.

Walter: Jesse, back when I asked you to put the keys in a safe place, where did you put them?

Jesse: I left 'em right here in the ignition.

Walter: Son of a bitch.

Jesse: This is not my fault. The buzzer didn't buzz.

Walter: The what?

Jesse: The buzzer. It buzzes when you put the keys in to let you know that the battery's on. I know that. It didn't buzz. Look, I didn't turn the key or anything. I'm not stupid. Did you hear the buzzer buzz? It's faulty. It's a faulty mechanism.

Walter: Is this a genetic thing with you? Is it congenital? Did your mother drop you on your head when you were a baby?

Jesse: The buzzer did not buzz, and you made me move the keys in the first place, remember?

Walter: I see your point. Your imbecility being what it is, I should have known to say, "Jesse, don't leave the keys in the ignition the entire two days!"

Jesse: I wanted to leave them on the counter, bitch! Oh, I'm sorry. The work station.

Walter: All right, so we need to jump the battery somehow.

Jesse: How?

Jesse: You going to be okay?

Walter: Damn it.

Jesse: What's it taste like? Bad, huh?

Walter: This is good. Right here. There. Here. Red to red, black to black. Positive, negative. All right. Start it up.

Jesse: The hell's wrong with this thing?

Walter: You have to really pull.

Jesse: I am.

Walter: Really pull. Not like a girl.

Jesse: You know what? Pull this. I am pulling. It just needs to warm up a little. Oh, Jesus.

Walter: Well done. As always. Just, well done.

Jesse: God. Come on, you bitches. Hear me now. Damn it! This is stupid. Okay, now we have to use your phone.

Walter: This is ruined. Do you understand? Just ruined.

Jesse: I understand you hooked it up wrong and you blew it up.

Walter: That is not what happened.

Jesse: How do you know?

Walter: I wasn't the one who dumped out the last of our water. That's what I know.

Jesse: There was a f*re. Excuse me for thinking on my feet.

Walter: Is that, you were thinking. Now that we have identified the problem. You and thinking, that's the problem.

Jesse: Look, somebody is going to have to pick us up. Your wife is not going to notice one little call. Mr. White, come on.

Walter: All right, look. Make it snappy. The roaming drains the battery.

Jesse: All right. Yo, Skinny, hey. Listen, I need you to come pick us up. Now, all right? We're stuck out here. You got a pen for directions? A pencil's fine, ret*rd. Just something to write with. It doesn't matter. All right, so you ready? So you're going to head west on the 40 for, like, what, 30 miles? And you're just gonna go past the casino with the big arrows in the parking lot. Big arrows, giant arrows. They light up and blink and shit. You can't miss them. But then you're gonna want to take it slow because there's this dirt road right before this white sign with a 3 on it, okay? Now, you're going to be way, way out in the boonies, okay? Like, crazy far, so you just got to keep heading down that dirt road for what?

Walter: About another 15 miles.

Jesse: Really? That far?

Walter: Hurry up. The battery.

Jesse: Just go down that road for, like, 15 more miles. I mean, we're way the hell out here. And yo, listen. Bring water. Leave now. Here. He's coming.

Jesse: There was this guy on the Discovery Channel who broke his leg mountain biking, and he had to drink urine for, you know, just until the forest ranger found him. He said it tasted like really hot, really old soda. We should just call. You know? I'll be quick. Just be like, "Yo, where are you?"

Walter: All right.

Jesse: Come on. Yo, where are you? So you saw the white sign? He's almost here. Oh, man. We're getting really freaked out. All right, so you're on the dirt road? He's on the dirt road. Good. You just crossed the river? Have you seen anything?

Walter: Wait, wait. What river? What river? What the hell river you talking about, man? There's no river. Can you...phone's d*ad. Now what? What now?

Walter: Come on. Seriously?

Jesse: What's this?

Walter: I'm trying to trickle-charge the battery.

Jesse: Seriously? Just by turning that thing?

Walter: The commutator. It's the part which generates the electricity. Usually, this little piston engine turns it, but considering it's lying here completely totaled...anyway. Apply a little elbow grease. It'll take longer. A lot longer. But theoretically, it should work.

Jesse: Theoretically.

Walter: It has to work. You understand?

Jesse: Can I try? How much longer?

Walter: I don't know.

Jesse: You hanging in?

Walter: I'm good.

Jesse: It's got to be ready by now. Right?

Walter: Give it a little longer, just to make sure we're...

Jesse: Methylamine doesn't spoil, does it? That's not why we're here. Lie much? Push. Come on. Please. God. Please. Why couldn't I have just gone to Santa Fe? Why? What are you doing?

Walter: I had this coming.

Jesse: What?

Walter: I have it coming. I deserve this.

Jesse: You snap out of it. First off, everything you did, you did for your family. Right?

Walter: All I ever managed to do was worry and disappoint them and lie. God. All the lies. I can't even I can't even keep them straight in my head anymore.

Jesse: You know what? Screw this. I'm walking. You can come or not. Where's my other shoe?

Walter: Jesse, your body is running dangerously low on electrolytes. Sodium, potassium, calcium. And when they're gone, your brain ceases to communicate with your muscles. Your lungs stop breathing, your heart stops pumping. You go marching out there, and within an hour, you will be d*ad.

Jesse: You need to cut out all your loser cry-baby crap right now and think of something scientific!

Walter: Something scientific, right.

Jesse: What? Come on. You're smart. You made poison out of beans. All right, look. We got an entire lab right here. All right? How about you take some of these chemicals and mix up some rocket fuel? That way, you can just send up a signal flare. Or you make some kind of robot to get us help, or a homing device or build a new battery or...wait. No. What if we just take some stuff off of the RV and build it into something completely different? Like a dune buggy. That way, we can just dune buggy...What is it? What?

Walter: Do you have any money? Change, I mean. Coins.

Jesse: I got a bunch of them.

Walter: Then gather them. And washers and nuts and bolts and screws and whatever little pieces of metal we can think of that is galvanized. It has to be galvanized or solid zinc.

Jesse: Solid zinc, right.

Walter: And bring me brake pads. The front wheels should have discs. Take them off and bring them to me.

Jesse: Brake pads. What are we building?

Walter: You said it yourself.

Jesse: A robot?

Walter: A battery. Move!

Jesse: This doesn't look like any battery I ever saw.

Walter: Well, trust me. It is a battery. Or rather, one cell of a battery. Here. Cut up the last two sponges. Remember the electrolytes? Think about it. A battery is a galvanic cell. It's no more than an anode and a cathode separated by an electrolyte, right?

Jesse: Right.

Walter: Well, anyway. On one side, we have mercuric oxide and graphite from your brake pads. This is the cathode. This is the positive terminal. This is where the supply of current flows out from. You see? Then, here, I'll show you. On the opposite side is our anode. This, it's zinc. It's what we find in our coins and anything galvanized.

Jesse: So, the sponge is the electrolyte?

Walter: No, the potassium hydroxide is the electrolyte. But yes, that's what I'm soaking the sponges in. Good. Good. And now, what shall we use to conduct this beautiful current with? What one particular element comes to mind?

Jesse: A wire.

Walter: Copper.

Jesse: Well, I mean...

Walter: It's copper. The only question now is will this supply enough current? And how many cells will we need? Maybe we've only got enough material for six. Put the lid on. Wait. Positive. Cathode. Anode. Damn. That is good. That's very good. Here we go.

Scene: Airport

Jesse: How's the...

Walter: It's fine. I know I can trust you to…

Jesse: Yeah. Whatever happens, your family will get your share. So I'll be hearing from you.

Scene: Doctor’s Office

Dr. Delcavoli: How's everyone doing? Is that baby ever going to come out, you think?

Skyler: I know enough already. It's…

Dr. Delcavoli: I'm teasing. Everything in its time. Walt, I have your scan results. And you're showing signs of remission.

Marie: My God.

Dr. Delcavoli: I want to clarify. There are some misconceptions about what remission signifies. It does not mean that the patient is cured. To classify someone as in remission, we only need to determine that the tumor hasn't grown.

Hank: That it hasn't grown? Jesus.

Dr. Delcavoli: Technically speaking, a tumor can remain the exact same size it was before and the patient could still be in remission. Now, in Walt's case, with a stage 3 adenocarcinoma, I like to see, I hope to see at least a 25 to 35% reduction in tumor mass, something to tell me that the cancer has responded to the therapy. Everybody still with me?

Walter: And how has my cancer responded?

Dr. Delcavoli: Your tumor has shrunk by 80%.

Walter: My God.

Skyler: Wait, I'm sorry. I'm really confused. Isn't 80% a lot?

Walter Jr: Mom.

Skyler: Okay, but, I'm…

Walter: Sweetheart, you were right. It's very good news. It's very good news.

Skyler: Are you kidding me?

Hank: Just when I try to get out, they pull me back in.

Dr. Delcavoli: Now, that cough is the other thing we need to discuss. According to your scan, Walt, you have radiation pneumonitis. It's okay. This is fairly common. See that scary-looking thing there? That's tissue inflammation. That's a reaction to your radio therapy. It's usually not serious, but it can produce a cough like that. I'll prescribe some prednisone.

Walter: Tissue inflammation? Are you sure about that? Because the other day, I was coughing up some blood.

Skyler: What?

Dr. Delcavoli: You probably have a tear in your esophagus from the coughing, and that can be very serious. You could rupture and bleed to death. We're going to have to deal with that before you leave here today.

Skyler: Wait a minute. When did this happen? Why didn't you tell me?

Walter: I'm sorry. I…

Dr. Delcavoli: No more secrets, Walt. With something like this, you have to call me. Immediately. Now, with these results, we're not completely out of the woods. But now at least we have some options. The most important of which is time. We'll have more to discuss in the next few weeks. But for now, I'd say that you folks have earned some celebrating.

[Episode 10]
Scene: White Residence

Skyler: You're not thinking about going to work today, are you?

Walter: Thought I would. That inhaler really seems to be doing the trick. What?

Skyler: Just take the rest of the week. Please. You've earned it. Don't push it. Besides, I want you well for the weekend.

Walter Jr: Mom wants to par-tay.

Skyler: It's just a little get-together, that's all. Sunday afternoon, maybe? Nothing too big. Just family and a few friends. We've got a lot to celebrate. Don't you think?

Walter: Sounds good.

Skyler: Now, what are you supposed to do today?

Walter: Nothing.

Skyler: Excellent. Brownie points for taking a nap.

Walter: Can you meet?

Scene: Restaurant

Jesse: I thought maybe you might have, you know, kicked. Signed off. I was even checking the obits.

Walter: No such luck.

Jesse: So where does it stand? Coughing up blood, giving speeches like, "I deserve this. I'm an assh*le." What's the upshot?

Walter: The upshot. The upshot is that I have radiation pneumonitis.

Jesse: Damn.

Walter: Actually, it's not as bad as it sounds. It's a fairly common occurrence, easily treated. In fact, the news is all good.

Jesse: What do you mean, good? You mean, like, good good? You mean, like, remission good?

Walter: Remission. Not to imply I'm cured. I still have cancer. But there's been a significant reduction in the tumors.

Jesse: How significant?

Walter: 80%.

Jesse: Dude! No way!

Walter: Now, I'm not out of the woods yet, not by any stretch, but "options" is the word they keep bandying about.

Jesse: That's awesome! Serious? That's great, man. I mean, my aunt, she never I mean, at your stage, I didn't think that could happen. Mr. White, you kicked its ass, yo! You must be so psyched.

Walter: Of course. I am. Now we. I mean, what do we...

Jesse: I almost forgot. So, how do you want to, you know, proceed in light of this kick-ass news?

Walter: We'll take our time and stay cautious. Sell off what we have. And then I guess I'm done.

Scene: White Residence

Skyler: Everyone? Hey, you guys. I would like to make a toast, with my non-alcoholic beverage.

Hank: Somebody k*ll the music.

Skyler: I know one party can't begin to repay all your support and your many, many kindnesses. But then again, Hank does make one mean margarita. We really do want to thank you. These last few months have been a challenging time, to put it mildly. But I have to say Walt's come through it like a champ. Honey, I'm so proud of you. I'm gonna stop with the sappy stuff. But it's true. It really is. And for the first time in a long time, we are so excited about the future. Anyway, I want to also express my gratitude to two very special people who couldn't be here today. But they send their regrets and their warm wishes. Gretchen and Elliott Schwartz, for those of you who don't know them are well, they're heroes. They are incredibly generous friends who made the amazing offer to pay for Walt's treatment. And they did. So to Gretchen and Elliott.

Hank: How about the man of the hour? Come on!

Walter: It's kind of funny. When I got my diagnosis, cancer, I said to myself, "Why me?" And then, the other day, when I got the good news I said the same thing. Anyway, thank you for coming. Enjoy. Cheers.

Hank: Tell you what. I gotta give those bastards points for originality. I'll tell you that much. A little mercury switch, that's how those cartel boys party.

Walter Jr: But why a turtle?

Hank: That's the best part. It was a, what the hell's the word I'm looking for? Not a metaphor, not an analogy. It's a, what's the word I'm looking for? Anyway, "Tortuga." That was the name of our snitch. Bean-speak for "tortoise." Tortoise, turtle, what have you I never knew the difference myself. Top me off there, will you, buddy? Anyway, poetic. I guess, yeah. Poetic. It was poetic. That's the word. I guess that's the word.

Walter: Go ahead.

Hank: Better not let your mom see. I think I see a hair. Maybe two!

Walter Jr: There's no worm in this, right?

Hank: That would be Mescal. Talk about your hangovers, okay? I was down in Glynco, Georgia. I was back east, doing some training. Had this firearm instructor who was, he was a good ol' boy. There you go. Thanks. I mean, this guy could put 'em away like he had two livers, okay? Like a fish, okay? Like a drunk fish. We were drinking Mescal stupid. But...what are you doing there?

Walter: What does it look like I'm doing?

Hank: The kid's 16. What are you, going for Father of the Year?

Walter: What are you looking at him for? We're celebrating. Come on.

Hank: Listen, I'd take a pass on that one if I were you, okay? Think we've been bogarting this puppy long enough.

Walter: Bring the bottle back.

Hank: Sorry, buddy. No can do.

Walter: My son! My bottle! My house!

Hank: It's all right.

Walter: What are you waiting for? Bring it back.

Hank: Why don't we just call it a day? All right, pal? We good?

Walter: The bottle. Now.

Skyler: What's going on? Here, sweetie.

Scene: Jesse’s Apartment

Jesse: This is your brain. This is your brain on drugs. You weren't supposed to wake up.

Jane: Ever or?

Jesse: I was just thinking that I'd bring it, you know, in.

Jane: You want me to go back to bed?

Jesse: I guess that'd be kind of...

Jane: Need some help?

Jesse: I got it. Just have a seat.

Jane: Is there any coffee?

Jesse: Yeah, shit. One second.

Jane: At least let me do that.

Jesse: I don't want you to have to do anything, you know? All right. Here. You take the good one. It's huevos rancheros.

Jane: I can tell. Fork?

Jesse: There you go.

Jane: So what are you up to today? Working? Whatever that means.

Jesse: Nope. I'm all yours.

Jane: Really?

Scene: White Residence

Skyler: Hey, this is Skyler. Please leave me a message. Thanks.

Walter: I just wanted to say that, we'll talk tonight, but I wanted to say that I'm not exactly sure who that was yesterday, but it wasn't me. I'm sorry. Love you.

Scene: Beneke

Ted: Hey, there. Who brought the churros?

Skyler: That would be me. If I leave 'em at home, I'll wind up eating them all myself, so. They're actually leftovers. We had a little get-together for Walt.

Ted: It wasn't his birthday, was it?

Skyler: Actually, Walt's got, he's been battling cancer. And last week, we got good news.

Ted: I'm so sorry.

Skyler: But we're really optimistic.

Ted: Great. Good news is great.

Skyler: Yeah, it is. It really is.

Ted: Feel free to bring these any time.

Scene: Store

Employee: Got some real beauts.

Walter: You cannot b*at the thermal efficiency of the C3. Then again, what about t*nk?

Employee: Sure. We got 'em. The good ones will really run up your price though. Set you back about 1,200.

Walter: It's not an issue.

Employee: You want installation, right?

Walter: No. I'm gonna do it myself.

Employee: That's what I like to hear.

Scene: Jesse’s Apartment

Jane: And who's this? This guy can surf without a board?

Jesse: That's Hover Man. He can surf, skate, glide, whatever, 'cause he's always got a 6-inch cushion of air under his feet.

Jane: That's cool. Great lines. And this guy? What's his superpower?

Jesse: That's Kanga Man.

Jane: Kanga Man. Half man, half kangaroo? And who's this in his pouch?

Jesse: His sidekick Joey. He rides around in his pouch and, you know, fights crime.

Jane: So that makes Kanga-man a she. You know that, right? Only female kangaroos have pouches.

Jesse: I know. But, you know, it's definitely a dude. He's a product of experimentation.

Jane: He's kind of hot, I guess. Nice haunches. And this is?

Jesse: It's Backwardo. Wait, no. I actually changed it to Rewindo. Anyways, he goes backwards. He can make everything go in reverse.

Jane: Time and stuff? Like time traveling?

Jesse: No, he just walks backwards.

Jane: He walks backwards. Is that a superpower? What good is that?

Jesse: He does it, like, really fast. Look, say someone's coming at him with a Kn*fe. Right? It's helpful. Then he can just zip backwards away from 'em. I was a kid when I drew all these. It was, like, four years ago.

Jane: They all look like you.

Jesse: What?

Jane: It's you in all of these. I wonder what a shrink would say if he saw them.

Jesse: Shut up. Like you never wanted a superpower.

Jane: Is that your door or mine?

Jesse: I don't know.

Jane: It sounds like mine. I gotta go.

Jesse: Where? Where? Hold up. Where are you...

Scene: Jane’s Frontdoor

Jane: Hey, Dad.

Donald: There you are. Hi, honey. I saw your car, so I was pretty sure you were home.

Jane: Sorry. I was working. I had my headphones on.

Donald: Finally realized that I wasn't the drum track?

Jane: Exactly.

Donald: I was in the neighborhood. Was wondering if you wanted to grab some lunch.

Jane: Sure.

Jesse: Hey. This your dad?

Jane: This is the new tenant.

Donald: Donald.

Jesse: Jesse.

Jane: I'm sorry. Did you need something? Dad, why don't you come in? It was nice seeing you.

Donald: It was nice to meet you.

Jesse: You, too.

Scene: White Residence

Walter Jr: Hey, Dad.

Walter: Hey, son. Are you home early? Oh, man. Did you have a good day?

Walter Jr: Now it is. Finally, hot water. No more toxic waste.

Walter: Yes, indeed. Top-of-the-line, on demand, unlimited supply.

Walter Jr: Sweet.

Walter: Want to take her for a spin? Listen, why don't you go to the kitchen sink? Let me know when you're ready, and I'll give you a holler. The pilot in. Ignition. Bingo.

Walter Jr: Ready!

Walter: All right. Let her rip! Built-in corrosion resistant draft reducer, safety thermocouple at the pilot burner.

Walter Jr: Sounds really good, Dad.

Walter: And the energy savings. I mean….oh, careful, careful, careful. There's probably some adjustments I need to make there. Are you okay?

Walter Jr: I'm fine.

Walter: Son, about yesterday...

Walter Jr: I'm sorry about the pool.

Walter: No. That was not your fault. Not at all. Your old man embarrassed himself, and I'm not very proud of my behavior. I have to say I feel very foolish.

Walter Jr: You and Uncle Hank, you seemed pissed off.

Walter: We're fine. Everything's fine. I called him this morning and made my apologies. But, son, I owe you an apology most of all. I should have used better judgment all around. Having you drink in the first place, it was not right, and for that I'm very sorry.

Walter Jr: But I kept up, right? You and Uncle Hank. I drank three.

Walter: I have some tools to put away.

Scene: Jesse’s Apartment

Jane: You want to catch a movie later? What?

Jesse: What was that all about?

Jane: What?

Jesse: Before. With your dad.

Jane: It wasn't about anything.

Jesse: So I totally just misread your total dis?

Jane: If anything, I was doing you a favor.

Jesse: A favor?

Jane: I told you. He's a hard-ass.

Jesse: He seemed cool to me.

Jane: Yeah, well…

Jesse: So what's the deal?

Jane: There's no deal. I was helping you out, okay? Protecting you.

Jesse: How's that?

Jane: I mean, I'm letting you smoke in here and everything.

Jesse: I bought a filter.

Jane: And I figured the less he knows, the better.

Jesse: You acted like you didn't even know me.

Jane: So?

Jesse: So?

Jane: You think I'm going to be all like, "Dad, meet the stoner guy who lives next door. And by the way, I'm sleeping with him?”

Jesse: That's all you think you're doing?

Jane: Why do you even care about my dad?

Jesse: I don't!

Jane: Good. Then I don't know why we're talking about it.

Jesse: Us. All right? I'm talking about us.

Jane: Us?

Jesse: You and me.

Jane: Who's you and me?

Jesse: I'm out of here.

Scene: White Residence

Walter Jr: Dad! Dad?

Walter: What?

Walter Jr: What are you doing?

Walter: We've got rot.

Walter Jr: Rot?

Walter: I'll show you. Here. Take a look at that. See that? Ever seen anything like it?

Walter Jr: It's wood.

Walter: It's wood that contains fruiting bodies.

Walter Jr: Fruity what?

Walter: Fungus. And it is on a rampage.

Walter Jr: I don't really see anything.

Walter: Well, it's there. You just have to know where to look. Here. Then you cut it all out. You just cut it out and start fresh. Well, better get to it.

Walter Jr: Is the whole house gonna collapse or something?

Walter: Not if I can help it.

Scene: Beneke

Ted: You bucking for a promotion? Go home already.

Skyler: I will. Can I just ask the Keller account.

Ted: Keller account?

Skyler: It's listed as a Current Asset on this balance sheet, but the invoice was never presented to Accounts Receivable, so.

Ted: God. One of these days I'm going to have to sort through all the Dad stuff. He had so many "Don't worry about it, pay me Friday" relationships with these little companies. We'll figure it out tomorrow. Or not.

Skyler: Right.

Ted: Seriously, you're not gonna make me lock you in, are you?

Skyler: Jesus. I'm fine. It's hormones. Honestly. It happens all the time. I'll see you tomorrow.

Ted: What's wrong?

Skyler: I guess it just doesn't feel any different.

Ted: The good news?

Skyler: I mean, nothing's really changed. It's just postponed. There was supposed to be a light at the end of the tunnel. But lately, it just feels like...

Ted: More tunnel.

Skyler: I'm sorry. I just feel so damn ungrateful. I don't know.

Ted: For me, it was the flu.

Skyler: What?

Ted: My dad rallied at the end. I mean, it wasn't the full-on good news Walt got, different circumstances, but we were happy, we were over the moon. And right then, I got sick. Flu. Boom. Knocked me on my ass for days. Couldn't get out of bed, couldn't move. Great timing. And I wasn't even putting two and two together. I was just thinking, Why now? Being that rock, being that rock takes everything you got.

Scene: White Residence

Skyler: Are you going to work today?

Walter: Skyler, there's rot.

Scene: Beneke

Skyler: Damn! Clumsy.

Ted: I got it.

Skyler: You don't have to do that.

Scene: Store

Walter: You're buying the wrong matches.

Drug Dealer: What?

Walter: Those matches. They're the wrong kind. Red phosphorus is found in the striker strips, not the matches themselves. You need to get the big 200-count box of individual matchbooks. More striker strips. You understand? Those only have the one. And don't buy everything in one place. Do it piecemeal. Different items, different stores. Attracts less attention. Are you following me here?

Drug Dealer: There he is. That's the guy.

Scene: Parking Lot

Walter: Stay out of my territory.

[Episode 11]
Scene: Street Corner

Combo: What's up? What you need? Yo, you buyin', or are you just stopping to envy? Punk bitches. Bounce, little man. Skinny, I'm up on 2nd and Hazeltine, getting eyeballed hard. I got a bad feeling, man. I need some backup. Get your ass up here now.

Tomas: What's that thing in your ear?

Combo: What did I say? Get out of here! What are you waiting for? Go!

Scene: Doctor’s Office

Dr. Delcavoli: We've made such headway with your treatments that now it's time we talked about sealing the deal.

Dr. Bravenec: Absolutely.

Dr. Delcavoli: As you know, my initial diagnosis was that your cancer was inoperable. That may no longer be the case. We think now that a lobectomy may be a viable option. Maybe a pretty good option. Dr. Bravenec is one of the few surgeons in the country performing lobectomies after full-dosage radiation. He's got a good track record.

Dr. Bravenec: Pretty good.

Skyler: It sounds aggressive.

Dr. Bravenec: Yes. Very much so. Understand that if you don't have this surgery, you're just waiting for the cancer to spread. And it will. Now, through the treatment you've had already, we've bought you some time. Maybe a lot, probably a little, but that's all. In my opinion, if you're willing to take some risk, then this offers the best chance.

Walter: How much would it cost?

Dr. Bravenec: I'm not on your insurance. I'd say between 170,000 and 200,000, all in. For my part, I'd be willing to write off what I can, but mine isn't even the biggest expense. This is obviously a big decision. And you folks are gonna want to take some time to discuss it.

Walter: I'll do it.

Skyler: Don't you think we should at least talk this through first?

Walter: I just think it's the way to go.

Dr. Delcavoli: I have to say I think it's the right choice. I recommend that we let the pneumonitis heal for another couple of weeks, and then we'll have at it.

Walter: That's tricky.

Dr. Bravenec: When's the due date?

Skyler: It's the 21st.

Dr. Bravenec: I'll book the surgery for four weeks from now. That way, Walter can be on his feet for the birth of your daughter. But I wouldn't wait any longer.

Scene: Walter’s Classroom

Jesse: God. It's me. Where the hell were you? I called, like, 20 times.

Walter: Working. What is it?

Jesse: Combo's d*ad. sh*t.

Walter: Which one is he?

Jesse: You did not just say that to me.

Walter: Jesse, listen…

Scene: Jesse’s Apartment

Jesse: Yeah, figures. What's the word on the street?

Skinny Pete: No one's dropping no names. Combo rang me before it went down. Said dudes were mad-dogging him, trying to run him up off the corner. That's all I know. Why'd we have to go pushing into new turf, yo? I mean, what'd you expect?

Jesse: I don't know.

Skinny Pete: You don't know? Is that all you got?

Jesse: I'll do right by Combo's people. Make sure you bust up your cell and toss it. We'll figure it out.

Skinny Pete: I appreciate what you're saying and all, but with Combo gone and Badger laying low out in Cali I'm on probation, man. Fast track to Los Lunas.

Jesse: We're on the verge of making some serious coin. What, you're gonna jump ship now?

Skinny Pete: This game we playing, we don't got the street cred to survive it. Back when everyone thought you k*lled Spooge, maybe we were doing okay, but that whole thing to the head thing, the ATM? His junkie bitch copped to it. The whole town knows it wasn't you.

Jesse: Everyone knows? Why didn't you say something?

Skinny Pete: I don't know, man. 'Cause we like you and all.

Jesse: I'm telling you, just sit tight. We'll get by. We'll make it.

Skinny Pete: Sorry, Jesse. I'm out.

Scene: Saul’s Office

Walter: We have had a bit of a setback. Sorry, that's an accurate description. What else do you want me to call it?

Jesse: How about your fault? How about that?

Walter: Don't lay that on me. You are in charge of distribution.

Jesse: You said expand the territory!

Walter: That doesn't mean you become careless!

Saul: Guys, guys! Who do I look like, Maury Povich? I'm not your marriage counselor. Now, you're professionals. Act like it. Now, setback. Go.

Walter: One of our dealers was m*rder. It was some kind of turf dispute, and apparently we lost. And then everyone quit on us. We have absolutely no distribution.

Saul: Is there any way any of this can be traced back to you? Now, the police, I'm talking about. There's your silver lighting. How about you? How's the health situation?

Walter: It's better. Do you mind? Better? It's looking a little more positive. I may have more time than I thought.

Saul: Outstanding. Now, as to your d*ad guy, occupational hazard. Drug dealer getting sh*t, I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say it's been known to happen. Now, what about product on hand? How's your inventory?

Jesse: 38 and change.

Saul: 38 ounces? Grams?

Jesse: Pounds.

Walter: You did say make hay while the sun is shining.

Saul: Guys! Why the long faces here? You're sitting on a gold mine.

Walter: A gold mine we can't sell. We need a proper infrastructure. We need foot soldiers and dealers on a street level that are rock solid. We need muscle, and we need enforcers. Payback. That's what we need. God. I mean, this entire process has just been so, it's always been one step forward and two steps back. We need your help.

Saul: Let's start with some tough love, all right? Ready for this? Here goes. You two suck at peddling meth. Period. So give up on trying to do it all yourselves. Hell, I'm amazed you got this far.

Walter: Look, we are not going to deal with another high-level distributor. No, thank you. We have been down that road.

Saul: What? Some tattooed speed-freak? What you two need is an honest-to-God businessman. Somebody who treats your product like the simple high-margin commodity that it is. Somebody who ships out of town, deals only in bulk. Someone who's been doing this for 20 years and never been caught.

Walter: You know someone like that?

Saul: Let's just say I know a guy who knows a guy. Who knows another guy. Let me make some calls, see if I can get you a meeting.

Walter: Well, what's his name?

Saul: I have no idea. He's very low profile. He's careful like that. From what I do hear about him, he sounds a little like you.

Scene: Jesse’s Apartment

Jesse: I need you to leave. Look, there's some stuff about me you don't know, and...

Jane: Like you're a drug dealer? I kind of got that. You pay in cash, and you use an alias, so.

Jesse: One of my guys, a friend who worked for me got m*rder. It was my fault. I put him on that corner. I'm gonna smoke some crystal, and I just think you should go, being that you're in a program and all and...

Jane: You could come with me to a meeting.

Jesse: No meetings.

Jane: We could just get out of here. It won't help.

Jesse: Yeah, it will. And I don't need you telling me that it won't. I just...alright, I really just need you to go.

Scene: Los Pollos Hermanos

Walter: You're late.

Jesse: We're in the big time now. So where's the kingpin?

Walter: Your guess is as good as mine.

Jesse: So you get the dude's name? So let me get this straight. He's allowed to know all our names, what we look like, but not the other way around?

Walter: Why don't you get yourself some food?

Jesse: So we won't both sit here with our Happy Meals, looking like a couple chumps?

Gustavo: Gentlemen, is everything to your satisfaction?

Walter: Fine, thanks.

Jesse: This is nothing but an ankle-grab. I don't get you, man. A week ago you talked like you were all ready to hang it up.

Walter: We've nearly got 40 pounds we still need to sell.

Jesse: What about after? After you're gonna make up some new magic number? Like, "I got bills. I got bills. I gotta make more."

Walter: What do you want me to say, Jesse? Things have changed.

Jesse: Oh, I know. We got a guy k*lled. You know what? This is bullshit. I'm out of here.

Scene: Doctor’s Office

Doctor: I think she's waking up from a nap. She is certainly going to want to get out and stretch those legs soon. We'll keep an eye on your fluids. You're on the low side of normal.

Skyler: What? How low?

Doctor: It's not a problem unless we see a growth drop-off, so we're good. We'll just have you in for an ultrasound next week and keep an eye on things.

Walter: Oh, man, you would not believe the traffic.

Skyler: That's why I left 40 minutes early.

Walter: Sorry. What did I miss?

Doctor: For your refrigerator.

Walter: Oh, my God. Look at her. Look. God.

Skyler: It's like she's here already.

Doctor: I was just telling Skyler everything looks great. Okay, we've been talking about it for months now. It's time to make a decision. You know what I'm going to say?

Skyler: The C-section?

Doctor: And if it's a yes, we need to schedule it.

Skyler: My last labor was pretty tough, so. For the baby, I say yes.

Doctor: I agree, considering that your fluids are on the low side. It's best we take her a little early. So why don't we schedule it for a week from Friday?

Skyler: Isn't that Friday the 13th?

Scene: Parking Lot

Walter: We have a birthday.

Skyler: The 16th. I like it. You know, speaking of birthdays, I've got to run back to the office, so I will see you later?

Walter: It's an hour before closing. You're supposed to be taking it easy.

Skyler: We're having a little get-together for Ted's birthday and I've got to pick up the cake.

Walter: Why you?

Skyler: Because I said I would. It's the least I can do.

Scene: Jesse’s Apartment

Jesse: Let's get out of here. You know, go do something. Seriously. You know that museum in Santa Fe you talked about? Let's take a drive.

Jane: Sure.

Scene: Beneke

Ted: No, I cannot return that stock. It's already been drilled and cut. We're halfway through the job.

Intercom: Mr. Beneke to the shop, please.

Ted: All right. Just let me think about it, okay? I gotta go. Dean, I gotta go.

Everyone: Happy Birthday!

Ted: My God. This is beautiful, guys. Thank you very much.

Employee: Hurry. These candles aren't gonna hold out much longer.

Skyler: Wait a minute. Are you making a wish? You gotta make a wish.

Ted: Well, let's see. The economy's in the toilet. China's undercutting us at every turn. I'm at a loss. Wait. I want to hear it first.

Skyler: Absolutely not. No way.

Ted: You cannot deny your employer his birthday wish.

Skyler: Yes, I can. Watch me.

Ted: Please!

Skyler: If this is your birthday wish, I feel very, very sorry for you.


Ted: Come on. It was so good last time.

Skyler: It was ages ago. And I'm enormous now. And I don't look anything like her anymore. Not that I ever did. I mean, come on.

Employee: You guys, these candles are getting wax all over the place. Seriously.

Ted: Yes, come on, Skyler.

Skyler: It's obscene. Happy Birthday To you Happy Birthday To you Happy Birthday Mr. President Of Beneke Fabricators Incorporated Happy Birthday To you.

Ted: That was fantastic. Isn't she great, huh? Okay, here we go.

Scene: Walter’s Classroom

Walter: He wasn't there.

Saul: He was there all right.

Walter: What are you talking about? I sat there for two hours. Nobody came.

Saul: All I know is my contact says he was there. Are you sure you were at the right restaurant?

Walter: Yes, I'm positive. Where was he?

Saul: Who knows? Maybe he stayed out in the parking lot, checked you out with a telephoto lens. Didn't like the cut of your jib. Anyway, it doesn't matter now because my contact says it's a no go.

Walter: What? What do you mean?

Saul: No deal. No dice. sh*t at and missed, shit on and h*t.

Walter: Wait a minute. How can he make that decision without even meeting me?

Saul: I told you he's very cautious who he does business with. All right? He's skittish, like a deer.

Walter: Call him back.

Saul: I'm sorry. I can't do that.

Walter: Yes, you can. Call him, Saul.

Saul: First of all, I never called him, all right? I called a guy who called a guy who called a guy. Second of all, it's over. Understand? With this particular individual, all you get is the one sh*t. Look, I'll see if I can scrape something else together, but don't get your hopes up. No one else handles that kind of bulk.

Walter: Damn it.

Scene: Los Pollos Hermanos

Gustavo: Can I help you, sir?

Walter: Diet Coke, please. And five minutes of your time.

Gustavo: What can I do for you?

Walter: Have a seat. Please. I would like to know why you wouldn't meet with me yesterday.

Gustavo: I'm sorry. I'm not following.

Walter: I sat here yesterday, waiting to meet with someone. I believe that person was you.

Gustavo: I think that you're confusing me for someone else.

Walter: I don't think I am.

Gustavo: Sir, if you have a complaint, I suggest you submit it through our email system. I would be happy to refer you to our website.

Walter: I was told that the man I would be meeting with is very careful. A cautious man. I believe we're alike in that way. If you are who I think you are, you should give me another chance.

Gustavo: I don't think we're alike at all, Mr. White. You are not a cautious man at all. Your partner was late, and he was high.

Walter: Yes, he was.

Gustavo: He's high often, isn't he? You have poor judgment. I can't work with someone with poor judgment.

Walter: Are you familiar with my product?

Gustavo: I've been told it's excellent.

Walter: It is impeccable. It is the purest, most chemically-sound product on the market anywhere. That is not the only factor. You could charge twice the current rate for what I provide, and your customers would pay it. Hands down. Now, who I choose to do business with on my end is not your problem. You won't see him. You won't interact with him. Forget he exists.

Gustavo: I have to ask. Why? Why him?

Walter: Because he does what I say. Because I can trust him.

Gustavo: How much product do you have on hand?

Walter: 38 pounds. Ready to go at a moment's notice. Will I hear from you?

Gustavo: I have your numbers. You can never trust a drug addict.

Scene: Beneke

Skyler: Look, I mean, it's all kind of little dribs and drabs, but right here, take Keller, for instance. A couple hundred dollars here, a few thousand there.

Ted: Dribs and drabs.

Skyler: Once you add it all up, though, and with Keller, the revenues are almost 10% less than was actually received. And this is every quarter, for the last two years. When I saw that, I got worried, so I checked Accounts Receivable on other customers. I found six other instances of revenues being under-reported. And I've only just started to look into it.

Ted: We have requirement contracts with a lot of these companies. They anticipate their needs for the next quarter. Most of the time, they overestimate. So I just let them roll their overages into the next order and if I don't, they'll go elsewhere. Obviously, we forgot or didn't go back and adjust the revenue entries. I know it's wrong from an accounting standpoint, but as you can see, the money's coming in. Eventually, as you can see.

Skyler: Right. Right, but I got the old bills of sale and order forms out of storage, to try and sort this out. And most of the time, there's no backup for the reported revenues at all. In a few cases, I found Xeroxed copies with the dates changed.

Ted: All right. You got me.

Skyler: We're talking nearly a million dollars of undocumented revenue. What are you thinking?

Ted: I'm thinking about saving a company. I'm thinking about people's jobs, about their mortgages and pensions and their college funds for their kids. Not to mention my own.

Skyler: It doesn't mean that you have to break the law.

Ted: Yes, it does. It's right there in the books. Business is terrible. The bank is on my back, the IRS is grinding me down to a nub. If I don't keep up...

Skyler: People go to prison for this.

Ted: My dad built this company from nothing. We make things here. The people who work here are like family. I can't let that all fall apart because of a couple of bad years. Don't report this. Please.

Skyler: I'm not gonna turn you in. But I can't be a part of it.

Ted: I know. I know. I just wish, I'm sorry. I don't want you to go.

Scene: Jesse’s Apartment

Jesse: Yo, if I know you, leave a message.

Skinny Pete: Yo, it's Skinny Pete. Just checking in with you, man. We missed you at the funeral today. The whole crew was representing. Even Badger came all the way from Fresno. Combo's people, his ma, grandma, cousins, everyone was all choked up and shit. Man, it was, like, emotional. And you should have seen the coffin. It was like this shiny, white pearlescent. Like, I'm pretty sure I've seen the exact same paint job on a Lexus. So we're definitely talking high-end. Anyway, guess you had something bigger going down. Watch your back out there, bro. Peace.

Jane: I like to mix some ice with it. Hold that.

Jesse: What's it feel like?

Jane: There's a chill. Don't freak out. It passes. And then you'll see. I'll meet you there. Take that off.

Scene: Walter’s Classroom

Walter: Phones off, please. Pipes, I guess. All right, everyone. Eyes on your paper. Eyes on your paper.

Scene: Los Pollos Hermanos

Walter: Excuse me, where's the manager?

Cynthia: I'm the manager. Can I help you?

Walter: I met a man here last week. A black gentleman. He's thin. Glasses.

Cynthia: Yes, sir. That's the owner.

Walter: Owner.

Cynthia: He owns 14 Los Pollos restaurants in between here and Nevada. He could be at any one of them.

Walter: Is there a phone number that I can get to?

Cynthia: I'm sorry, sir. I can't give that out. Is this about a complaint? I'd be happy to refer you to our website.

Walter: What's his name?

Cynthia: Gustavo. Gus.

Victor: 38 pounds. $1.2 million. Truck stop, 2 miles south of Exit 13. One hour.

Walter: What?

Victor: One hour. You in or out?

Walter: In. In. Absolutely. But I just need a little more time.

Victor: One hour. If you miss it, don't ever show your face in here again.

Walter: Come on! Come on!

Jesse: Yo, if I know you, leave a message.

Walter: Jesse, pick up the phone. Pick up the phone! I'm coming by. I need the product. I need the product now!

Scene: Jesse’s Apartment

Walter: Jesse! Wake up! Wake up. Where'd you put it? Where is it? Where's the product?

Jesse: Get off of me.

Walter: Where is it? Where'd you hide the meth?

Jesse: In the kitchen.

Walter: Where?

Jesse: Under the sink.

Walter: Oh no. No, not now! Not now!

[Episode 12]
Scene: Walter’s Car

Walter: Skyler, I'm so...Marie. Oh, Christ, Marie. How...oh, God. Oh, thank God. Is she beautiful? I'm staring at brake lights on the 40. Some accident up ahead. Christ. Today of all days, huh? No, let her rest. I'll be there as soon as I can.

Scene: Hospital

Walter: Excuse me. Skyler White? Skyler, I'm so sorry. I'm just...are you okay?

Skyler: Meet your daughter.

Walter: Hi, there, girl. Hi, there, Holly.

Ted: Congratulations, Walt.

Walter: I'm sorry, I didn't see you here.

Skyler: Ted drove me here. Thank God. I mean, this little bundle of joy of ours was practically on rails. Halfway here I thought he was gonna have to pull over and deliver her himself.

Walter: Then, I'm glad it didn't come to that.

Ted: No problem at all. Well, let me get out of your way here so you two can, you three, can be alone, okay? Listen, take it easy, Sky.

Skyler: I really, I can't begin to thank you.

Ted: Don't think anything of it. It's my pleasure. Congratulations again. She's beautiful. I'll talk to you soon. Take care.

Walter: Are you okay? Is everything okay?

Skyler: Everything's okay. I just wish you'd been here.

Walter: Where's everyone else?

Skyler: Downstairs. Hank and Marie took Junior for dinner. He has been such a trooper. He even changed his first diaper.

Walter: Did he? Honey, is there anything that I can do for you? Anything at all?

Skyler: Actually, yes. I left my overnight bag at home this morning. I think you get it in your head, "C-section." You know? But I'm just so glad the way it all worked out. Doing it natural instead. It just couldn't have gone any better.

Walter: Good. Let me go get your things. And I'll get my stuff, too, okay? I'll spend the night.

Scene: Jesse’s Apartment

Jane: Dad. I was in the shower. I overslept. I'm running late, but I'll be there. Baby, I gotta go. Somebody broke in.

Jesse: Okay. No! Come on. Damn. Oh, God. Oh, Christ.

Scene: Narcotics Anonymous

Guy: This week was tough. Toughest yet. You know why? I knew this day was coming. My birthday.

Counselor: Your re-birthday?

Guy: Yeah, and as it got closer, it got worse. I was scared shitless I wouldn't make it. I really didn't think I would. Called in sick three days in a row. I know my boss was pissed. I guess I don't really care. I just didn't want to see anybody. You guys know how that is. All it'd take is one friend and I'd be out rippin' and runnin' again. But I made it. I really made it. I got one year clean to the day.

Scene: Restaurant

Donald: You look tired. Your eyes are kind of red. You getting enough sleep?

Jane: Actually, no. I'm working on this really complex new tat. A guy wants his whole back done up. Him on his chopper, flames all around. I keep showing him the design and he keeps asking for changes, like, "Give me more muscles. Give me more flames." And I'm like, "A, this ain't the Sistine Chapel. And B, I have enough trouble working around your zits."

Donald: I really wish you wouldn't work at that place. You need to avoid those types of...

Jane: I know and I do. It's mostly college kids and airmen from Kirtland. It's actually really corporate. So, how's your job?

Donald: Oh, you know. Same old, same old. Doing backup training on my days off. God, they're hiring anybody now. No experience at all. It's scary. You seeing anyone?

Jane: No. You?

Donald: What about that guy next door?

Jane: What do you mean?

Donald: Well, he seemed to have some expectation of you introducing me to him.

Jane: He knows you own the place. Dad, he's our tenant. End of story. Why would I get involved with a tenant?

Scene: White Residence

Marie: Isn't she beautiful? I just think she's the most beautiful baby ever. And why not? Good stock.

Walter Jr: I'll get it. Nobody's there.

Walter: b*at ya! Hello?

Jesse: Yo, it’s me.

Walter: Oh, hi, Carmen. Just Carmen.

Jesse: Come on. Hurry up.

Walter: So you heard? Good news. She's just so beautiful. Well, Holly. 7 pounds, 3 ounces. Everybody is doing just fine. You junkie imbecile! What are you calling this number for?

Jesse: I am trying to tell you, man. Last night, somebody broke in my place, yo. I got robbed.

Walter: What?

Jesse: Somebody, they got all of our stuff. All of it. You get me, Mr. White? The blue stuff. It's, like, uncanny. They knew exactly where to look! I mean, say something, man! Yell at me or something! Come on! God!

Marie: Hank, come on! People are starving to death out here!

Hank: All right, all right. Had to get a beer. All right, guys. Here we go. We got mild, medium and muy caliente. I got dibs on the breast.

Walter: Los Pollos Hermanos?

Hank: Yeah, seriously. You gotta try it. This joint gives KFC a run for their money.

Marie: That baby's hungry.

Skyler: Give me that baby. Aw, sweetie. Come on.

Jeez, Sky. Not at the table. We're eating.

Marie: Hank, it's only a breast.

Hank: It's my sister-in-law's breast.

Marie: You are so provincial.

Skyler: Remember the day when you were talking to me about child-proofing? What are you thinking? A fence or a cover?

Walter: Actually, I was thinking more of an alarm system. They've got these new systems out there, "sonar systems" that would do anything that falls into it, it sets the alarm off.

Skyler: That sounds expensive. Well, yeah, but for the baby, I mean...

Hank: Why don't you let Marie and I get that for you guys?

Marie: Absolutely.

Skyler: No, please. I'll be back at work soon. We'll take care of it.

Walter: Back at work soon?

Skyler: Since you're scheduled for surgery, I just thought it might be a good idea to have some money coming in.

Walter: Skyler, we need to think about what's best for the baby. And I think having her mother around for at least the first few years. Money-wise, we'll manage. I promise you that.

Hank: What? You guys got a printing press in the garage churning out 50s?

Walter Jr: I wish. Mom's even talking about me getting a job.

Skyler: That's right. Everybody pitches in.

Scene: Later that night

Walter: I'll get her. I'll get her. Good girl. That's a good girl. My little girl, huh? Do you want to see something? Come here. Oh. I know, I know. You want to see what your daddy did for you?

Scene: Basement

Walter: Let me show you. Here. Come here. Want to see? That's right. Daddy did that. Daddy did that for you.

Scene: Walter’s Classroom

Jesse: This place looks exactly the same. Why don't you have computers and shit? It's the 20th century.

Walter: What the hell are you doing here?

Jesse: You took the stash! I heard all those phone messages and I figured it out.

Walter: You figured it out? Congratulations, Einstein.

Jesse: You left me to freak out all day long, like I dropped the ball! And you were the one who took it!

Walter: Shut up. You lower your voice. "Like" you dropped the ball? When have you ever not dropped the ball, Jesse? Blasted out of your mind on whatever the hell that was. What was that? Heroin? Jesus.

Jesse: I was on my day off, man. What I do on my day off...

Walter: Your day off? We were on-call, you junkie. On-call for the biggest deal of our lives. And I just managed to pull it off by the skin of my teeth, no thanks to you. You made me miss the birth of my daughter. Son of a bitch.

Jesse: How much?

Walter: How much what?

Jesse: How much did you get for the deal?
Walter: $1.2 million.

Jesse: 600,000 each?

Walter: 480,000. Saul's cut is 20%.

Jesse: So, where's my money? What?

Walter: You are joking, right? If I gave you that money, you would be d*ad inside of a week.

Jesse: Look, I'm off the heroin. I didn't even like it anyway. It made me sick. And the meth. You know, I can take it or leave it. I'm clean, Mr. White. For real.

Walter: Prove it. Pee in that.

Jesse: How gay are you? Seriously.

Walter: Pee in it. They're selling testing kits at the drug stores. If you are clean, I will give you every last dime. No, huh? Well, I guess, until then, you'll just have to depend on the kindness of strangers to get high. That and your little junkie girlfriend.

Scene: White Residence

Marie: Not on her tummy, Walt.

Walter: I'm not putting her on her tummy. I'll put her on her side. Do you want to hold her back? Just in case she decides to do a little spit-up, I'll roll up a nice clean towel like this and put it under.

Marie: Hammacher Schlemmer makes a proper one of those. It's hypo-allergenic.

Walter: I think a towel will do. What is it?

Skyler: Your son. He's just unbelievable. Come see what he did.

Walter Jr: I told you it's not ready yet.

Skyler: Honey, just show it to them.

Walter: My God, son. That's wonderful.

Marie: This is beautiful. SaveWalterWhite.com. Well, I, for one, am telling everybody.

Walter: Wait a minute. You're not asking for money, are you, son?

Walter Jr: That's the whole idea. Louis helped me set up a PayPal account and everything.

Walter: But we can't ask for money. I appreciate it. I really do.
Skyler: This was all his idea. He worked so hard on it. Just let him help. You can't ask him to take it down. It'll crush him.

Walter: Skyler, it's charity.

Skyler: Why do you say that like it's some sort of dirty word?

Scene: Saul’s Office

Walter: This is insane. I have so much cash on-hand that I actually count it by weighing it on my bathroom scale. And yet, I can't spend it. I can't tell my family about it. All of whom think that I am right on the edge of bankruptcy. It's insane.

Saul: Well, I guess that's why gangsters had molls.

Walter: What?

Saul: g*n molls. Haven't you ever seen White Heat?

Walter: I've seen White Heat, but I don't see how that pertains.

Saul: Maybe you need a moll more than you need a wife who you can't trust with your secrets. What good is money that doesn't spend? If a tree falls in the forest...You get the point. So communicating is out?

Walter: Out.

Saul: Well, let's see. What else is there? There's always, "Hey, I found a big bag of money down by the railroad tracks." Works for me. Uncle Murray. "Oh, many is the happy memory of Uncle Murray bouncing me on his knee. We lost track of the old pervert years ago, but what do you know? He kicked it and left me millions."

Walter: It cannot be blind luck or some imaginary relative who saves us. I earned that money, me. And now my son created his own website "SaveWalterWhite. com" soliciting anonymous donations. Do you have any idea how that makes me feel?

Saul: Yeah, look at that. It's got PayPal and everything.

Walter: Cyber-begging. That's all that is. Just rattling a little tin cup to the entire world. Yeah, there's no deep-seated issues there.

Saul: I'm looking at the answer here. It's staring me in the face. Do I have to spell it out for you?

Walter: No, I know. You're thinking that I should be funneling my money into my son's website, but absolutely not, no. I am not going to have my family think that some mystery benefactor saved us.

Saul: Not some mystery benefactor, singular. That would raise too many questions. However stay with me here: Zombies. I got a guy who knows this guy who knows this Rain Man-type. He lives with his mother in her basement in Belarus. So good luck extraditing his fat Russian ass. Wait. He's a hacker-cr*cker extraordinaire. This guy can hijack random desktops all around the world, turn 'em into zombies that do his bidding. For instance, he can make it so, 20 or 30,000 little donations come in from all over the U.S. and Canada. all paid in-full, nice and neat, untraceable, from the good-hearted people of the world to Mr. Walter H. White, Cancer Saint. I'm getting a warm and fuzzy feeling just thinking about it.

Scene: Jesse’s Apartment

Jesse: He's an assh*le, that's what. Always judging me.

Jane: Not too much.

Jesse: I mean, like, who's he, right? I mean, first off, I taught him. He's always acting like I'm his indentured servant.

Jane: Now the cotton.

Jesse: Needle?

Jane: I don't understand why you need him.

Jesse: Exactly. My point exactly.

Jane: Flat against your skin so it doesn't wiggle around too much. How much does he owe you, anyway?

Jesse: 480.

Jane: Well, hell, I'd be mad, too, if somebody owed me 500 bucks.

Jesse: No. 480,000.

Jane: What? What?

Jesse: Thousand.

Jane: Not on your back, baby. In case you throw up. On your side. Sleep on your side.

Scene: Narcotics Anonymous

Guy: She's all like, "Don't preach to me." And I'm like, "Baby, I'm not preaching to you. I'm talking about basic survival, you know? I'm conversing about life and death." I mean, this here, what we've been doing. Hell, Becky knows.

Scene: Jesse’s Apartment

Jane: Dad? I overslept. I'm on my way. Dad? Dad, wait. It's not what it looks like. Dad, just wait. Let me talk to you for one second. Come on! Stop it! Don't touch him, Dad!

Donald: Son of a bitch.

Jane: Dad, let him go!

Jesse: Get away from me, man. Back off. Back off!

Jane: Everybody just calm down!

Jesse: What's with you, yo? Huh? 'Cause I'll seriously bust you up.

Donald: You miserable little smackhead. Get the hell out!

Jesse: Hey, I pay my rent, bitch! I got civil rights!

Jane: Jesse, come on. Please, no. Come on.

Jesse: I pay my rent.

Donald: You're going back to rehab. Today. Now.

Jane: Look, as it so happens, we were just, we were just talking about that and I was gonna tell you, okay? If you would just let me.

Donald: You have been clean for 18 months, Jane. Why? Why do you do it?

Jane: I backslid, okay? Like, what? What, you think I'm proud of this? Like, I do it on purpose?

Donald: Lying to me, shacking up and using with this scumbag, this loser!

Jesse: It takes one to know one!

Jane: His name is Jesse, and you don't know the first thing about him. We talk about rehab every night. It's his idea.

Donald: You talk about rehab? Well, gee, isn't that wonderful?

Jane: Thank you for not being judgmental 'Cause that's exactly what I need, to be judged all the time!

Donald: You know what you need? I'll tell you exactly.

Jane: What are you doing? What are you doing?

Donald: I am calling the police.

Jesse: Come on!

Jane: Dad, don't.

Donald: I have tried ten years of love and understanding. Maybe what it takes is you drying out in a jail cell. I would like to report drug use in a building that I own. No. It's on-going.

Jane: Daddy.

Donald: It's illegal activity. I'd like to talk to somebody. Would you connect me, please?

Jane: Fine, we'll go to rehab.

Donald: I could care less about him going to rehab. I want you in rehab.

Jane: Okay. I'll go first thing tomorrow.

Donald: Not tomorrow. Today.

Jane: I have to call into work. I have to stock the newspaper. The last time I went to rehab, all my houseplants died because you didn't water them, so. Please? I'll go. Tomorrow.

Donald: I'm sorry. I made a mistake. Tomorrow.

Jesse: You meant all that?

Jane: I don't know. I just think if we had enough money, nobody could make us do anything.

White Residence

Walter: Just let it ring.

Skyler: No, I'm gonna go see who it is.

Walter: It's okay, Holly.

Skyler: Good luck with that. But I'm sure he'd be glad to write some...actually, here he is right now. So hold on a second.

Walter: What?

Skyler: It's one of your one of your old students. He wants a letter of recommendation.

Walter: Honey, I think the baby is getting hungry. This is Walter White. I'm sorry. I'm having a little trouble recalling.

Jane: It's Jane. You know, of Jesse and Jane. Jesse's "junkie girlfriend."

Walter: Oh, of course. It really has been a long time.

Jane: Jesus. Get somewhere you can talk.

Walter: Sure. Yes. I am looking into that as we speak. How the hell did you get this number? Did Jesse give it to you?

Jane: All Jesse wants is what's coming to him. No more, no less.

Walter: What are you talking about? He told you about the money.

Jane: He told me everything.

Walter: So, what is this? Some kind of blackmail or something?

Jane: This is me telling you to do right by Jesse and bring him what you owe him. I don't call that blackmail. I call that getting off your ass, and being a decent human being.

Walter: Well, I call it blackmail. Dialing my number. Talking to my wife. And what's your end of this? How much heroin does a half a million dollars buy? For your information, I am holding Jesse's money for him, he will receive every last dollar of it. He will. Not you. At a time when I see fit. But I will not contribute to his overdose. Now, you tell him, if he gets clean, ff you both get clean…

Jane: You know what? I take that back. This is blackmail. Because what I know about you; High school teacher turned drug dealer with a brother-in-law in the DEA. That'd make one hell of a story. National news, I'll bet. Do right by Jesse tonight or I will burn you to the ground.

Walter: Shit.

Scene: Jesse’s Apartment

Jane: He's a high school teacher. What's he gonna do? Give you a B-minus? Send you outside to clap the erasers?

Jesse: You wouldn't really go to the cops, would you?

Jane: We won't have to. He'll pay.

Jesse: What if he doesn't?

Jane: Jesse, it's your money. You're in the right here. He's in the wrong. He's not stupid. He'll pay. What is it, really? You don't want your half a million dollars? You wanna renounce your earthly possessions and become a monk?

Jesse: It's just, I'm not the kind of dude who rolls. And by extension, neither are you. I mean, he's my partner.

Jane: I'm your partner.

Scene: White Residence

Skyler: Close your eyes and go to sleep. Hush little baby don’t you cry. Mama’s gonna buy you a mockingbird. If that mockingbird won't sing Mama's gonna buy you a diamond ring. If that diamond ring turns brass Mama's gonna buy you a looking glass. So hush, little baby Don't you cry Daddy loves you and so do I. She's finally asleep. What are you doing? Learning about elephants? Honey, we're out of diapers. Would you mind going out?

Scene: Jesse’s Apartment

Walter: Jesse. Not you. Nice job wearing the pants. How do I know she'll keep quiet?

Jane: I guess you don't.

Jesse: You'll never hear from either of us again.

Walter: You're not seeing straight, Jesse. You are making a mistake.

Jane: Do you know what this is?

Jesse: It's a whole lot of cheddar.

Jane: This is freedom. This is saying, "I can go anywhere I want. I can be anybody." Who do you want to be? Where do you want to go? South America? Europe? Australia?

Jesse: Is New Zealand part of Australia?

Jane: New Zealand is New Zealand.

Jesse: Right on. New Zealand. That's where they made Lord of the Rings. I say we just move there, yo. I mean, you can do your art. Right? Like, you can paint the local castles and shit. And I can be a bush pilot.

Jane: New Zealand. I can get behind that. But I guess I'm good anywhere as long as it's the two of us. But first we gotta get clean. And not because anybody's telling us to. We do this for us, right?

Jesse: Absolutely. For us.

Jane: All this here, we're not gonna just sh**t this up our arms. We're not.

Jesse: Hell, no. We're better than that. We're way better than that.

Jane: I say we flush what we've got left and we start tonight.

Jesse: We can do that. Definitely.

Scene: Bar

Bartender: Excuse me. What can I get you?

Walter: Give me a Fat Tire draft, please. Damn it. Hey, honey. No. I don't know what to tell you. Three stores I've been to so far, and not one of them have it in stock. Do they have to be diapers for newborns? What if we went up a size and just kind of...All right. No, I understand. All right. I'll just keep looking. I'm pulling into Wal-Mart now, so.

Donald: Well played. They found water on Mars.

Walter: They have indeed.

Donald: Don't exactly know what to do with that information, but God bless 'em, they found it.

Walter: Actually, they theoretically can separate the hydrogen from the oxygen and process that into providing fuel for man's space flights. Ostensibly turning Mars into a giant gas station. So, it's a...we live in an amazing time.

Donald: To water on Mars.

Walter: To water on Mars.

Donald: So, what'd you have? Girl or boy?

Walter: A little girl.

Donald: That's nice. Congratulations. I have a daughter.

Walter: How old?

Donald: Old enough to know better.

Walter: You have other kids?

Donald: Just the one.

Walter: I've got a 16-year-old boy. Well, he's almost 16. There's a spread. But he helps out, though. He's even changing some diapers now, so, it's more than I managed to do when I was his age.

Donald: Kids today grow up faster, I think.

Walter: Maybe so. So, any advice? Having a daughter. Any advice?

Donald: Not really. Just love them. Just I mean, they are who they are.

Walter: I've got this nephew. This nephew who is I mean, he's an adult. But you can't infantilize them, you can't live their life for them. But still, I mean, there is that frustration. God, that frustration that goes along with, "Yes, as a matter of fact, I do know what is best for you, so listen." But of course, they don't. What do you do with someone like that?

Donald: Family.

Walter: Family.

Donald: You can't give up on them. Never. I mean, what else is there?

Scene: Jesse’s Apartment

Walter: Jesse, it's me! I just want to talk. Jesse? Wake up. Wake up. Oh no.

[Episode 13]
Scene: Jesse’s Apartment

Jesse: Come on! Please. Come on! God.

Scene: White Residence

Walter: Hello? Slow down. Slow down. Just take a deep breath. Do it. All right. Now, what happened? Listen to me. Are you listening? Everything is going to be okay. I promise. Now, listen. Calm down. Just sit tight. I know who to call.

Scene: Jesse’s Apartment

Mike: Saul Goodman sent me. Come on. Inside. Watch the door. Where is she? Any other drugs in the house? Think hard. Your freedom depends on it. What about g*n? You got any g*n in the house? Here's your story. You woke up. You found her. That's all you know. Say it. Say it, please. I woke up. I found her. That's all I know. Say it.

Jesse: I woke up. I found her. That's all I know. I woke up. I found her. That's all I know.

Mike: Again.

Jesse: I woke up. I found her. That's all I know.

Mike: Again. Again.

Jesse: I woke up. I found her. That's all I know. I woke up. I found her. That's all I know.

Mike: Once you call it in, the people who show up will be with the Office of Medical Investigations. That's primarily who you'll talk to. Police officers may arrive, they may not. Depends on how busy a morning they're having. Typically, OD’s are not a high-priority call. There's nothing here to incriminate you, so I'd be amazed if you got placed under arrest. However, if you do, you say nothing. You tell them you just want your lawyer. Then you call Saul Goodman. And do I need to state the obvious? I was not here. You put on a long-sleeved shirt and cover those track marks on your arm. Count down from 20, and then you dial. Hang tough. You're in the home stretch.

Scene: White Residence

Walter: Do you want 2% or skim?

Skyler: Two.

Walter: Junior? Flynn?

Walter Jr: I'll be there in a minute.

Walter: You all right?

Skyler: Flynn, get your butt in here.

Walter Jr: My God. Mom, Dad, come here! You got to see this! Seriously.

Walter: What?

Walter Jr: Look right there. Look at that.

Skyler: Are those donations?

Walter Jr: Yes.

Skyler: Actual donations for your dad?

Walter Jr: Total strangers gave us $490. Virginia, Minnesota, Montana. Look at this one. Vancouver. All the way up in Canada. And it's all real actual money. It's actually right there in the PayPal account. And look what they're saying. "Hang in there, Walt." "Good luck." "Hang in there." Isn't this awesome?

Walter: That's that is something.

Skyler: Don't you think a little "thank you" is in order?

Walter: Yes, absolutely. Thank you, son. Thank you. This is a big, big help.

Walter Jr: Ontario. Damn. $510.

Scene: Donald’s Car

Jane: Hey. If you're trying to sell me something, I've got four little words for you "Do-Not-Call-List." However, if you're cool, leave it at the beep.

Donald: How did I know you wouldn't be answering your phone? I'm on my way. I'm going to be there momentarily. I expect you on the porch, bag packed, ready to go. No excuses.

Scene: Jesse’s Apartment

EMT: Sir? You may not want to be here for this.

Jesse: I just woke up, and I found her. That's all I know.

EMT: What's her date of birth? Your daughter's date of birth.

Donald: April 4, 1982.

EMT: And mother's maiden name and place of birth.

Donald: My mother?

EMT: Your daughter's mother.

Donald: Bishop.

EMT: And place of birth?

Donald: Phoenix.

EMT: Phoenix, Arizona. This is our address. Do you have someone who can drive you?

Donald: I can drive.

EMT: Then, if you'd like to meet us there, we can complete the intake and take our samples, and then you can make your arrangements. Now, do you need a card? Will you both be coming?

Scene: White Residence

Skyler: I don't believe it. Walt, you have to see this!

Walter Jr: 40 from Terre Haute.

Walter: It's me. Are you there? I'm just checking in. Our friend says he thinks everything went well. And that's good. So listen. Just call me, all right?

Skyler: You've got to come in here. We just broke a thousand dollars.

Walter: All right. I'm coming.

Scene: Police Station

Hank: Some of you already know my brother-in-law. He's a good man. The doctors say this operation has a real chance of helping him. Of course, they're also saying they want to be paid in private islands, so dig deep. Biggest donation gets a six-pack of my very own Schraderbrau. Home-brewed to silky perfection.

Steve: Smallest donation gets two six-packs.

Hank: Other than Gomie here pees sitting down, here's what we know. Christian Ortega, aka "Combo." sh*t d*ad by an unknown assailant last month. "Combo?" I hear you say. "Why, I'm unfamiliar with that name. Was he a Nobel laureate perchance?" No. He was a dipshit, wannabe banger. Now, no arrests, save for stealing a Baby Jesus from a Knights of Columbus manger back when he was 17. This dude was so low-rep, he never showed up on our radar. So why am I talking about him? Anyone? Anyone? Bueller?

Steve: He was dealing Blue Sky.

Hank: That's right. How is it that the purest, most professional grade of meth we've ever come across is being slung by the likes of that? But wait. It gets better. Since Baby Jesus thief there slowed a b*llet with his neck, the blue stuff's vanished from town, okay? Not a speck to be found in Albuquerque. Now, why is that?

Steve: Because maybe your Heisenberg's in prison.

Hank: So says APD. They think they got their man.

Steve: I know you don't buy it, but maybe it's true.

Hank: James Edward Kilkelly, yeah. APD thinks this is our mastermind. You believe that, I got a bridge to sell you, okay? He copped to it, didn't he?

Steve: For an extra pudding cup every night at Los Lunas?

Hank: Maybe if you give him a pack of cigarettes, he'll tell you what he did with Jimmy Hoffa. I've been thinking. Top-shelf product like this, it doesn't fall off the face of the earth. The way I see it, raw talent's bound to pop up somewhere. It's like Whack-A-Mole. So I've been making phone calls. Local police departments, small-town sheriffs. Haven't had much luck inside the land of enchantment. But outside, I've got reports of the blue stuff making a scene here in Texas, Arizona, Colorado, and Nevada. In fact, everywhere but here. Almost as if somebody wised up, stopped sh1tting where they eat. Now, I say Heisenberg's still out there. I say he's gone regional. Only he's still right here in town.

Scene: White Residence

Skyler: Come on, 2,800. Come on, big 28. You can do it. Only 30 more dollars.

Walter Jr: $40!

Skyler: Who's going to be next?

Walter: Your guy found him? Where is he? Okay, listen. I don't care. You have your guy, just shut...Saul, shut up and give me the address.

Scene: Neighborhood

Mike: I don't recommend it. APD's been known to sit on this place, keep an eye on the comings and goings.

Walter: Are they here now?

Mike: Well, I don't see any sign, but that's the point. Police could be the least of it. You could just get mugged or sh*t. How about you go on home, Walter? Let me handle this.

Walter: Jesse! Look at me. Look at me, son. Wake up.

Jesse: I ain't got nothing for you, man. It's all gone.

Walter: Wake up. It's me. It's Walt. Let's get out of here.

Jesse: No, I'm good.

Walter: Help me out, now. Listen. You are not good right here. You are not good at all. You hear? Put your arms around me. You're going to stand up, and we're going to walk out of here, okay? We're going to take you someplace nice and safe. That's it. Now let's go. Come on. Here we go.

Jesse: I k*lled her.

Walter: What?

Jesse: I k*lled her. It was me. I k*lled her, man. I k*lled her.

Walter: Look at me. You didn't k*ll anybody.

Jesse: I loved her. I loved her more than anything.

Scene: Jane’s Apartment

Donald: I haven't given much thought to the programs, to be honest. I guess they should be, I don't know. Just use your best judgment. There's no yellow dress here. It's all black and gray. When's the last time you saw her ever wearing a yellow dress? What about blue? Blue's better than black, right? Not dark blue. More like not super-bright, either. I mean, blue is blue. No cleavage. Long sleeves. It's nice. It's nice.

Scene: White Residence

Walter: Big yawn, Holly. I know what you feel like. I'm tired, too. There we go. Would you mind turning that thing down or off? The dinging. Just turn down the volume.

Walter Jr: Dad, it's money.

Walter: Please do it. The noise is disturbing the baby.

Skyler: Marie, slow down. I can't...oh, my God. You are kidding me. Sure. Of course. Any day after school. Wait. Let me tell him, and I'll call you right back. Guess what.

Walter Jr: What?

Skyler: You are going to be in the newspaper.

Walter Jr: No way.

Skyler: One of Aunt Marie's patients works at the Journal. When she told him about the website and the donations, he went to his editor, and they're doing a story about you.

Walter Jr: For real?

Skyler: They're coming to interview you with a photo and everything.

Walter Jr: Awesome. It'll mean more hits.

Skyler: And more contributions.

Scene: Police Station

Hank: East of Scottsdale? Let me guess. Not talking. Nope. Not a one. Someone somewhere is running one tight ship. All right, Chief. Yeah. Thanks a lot. You, too.

Merkert: Agent Schrader, can you spare a moment?

Hank: Yes, sir. Absolutely.

Merkert: Gentlemen, this is supervising agent Hank Schrader. Agent Schrader, I'd like you to meet Andrew Coffman of the Adobe Hotel.

Hank: Nice to meet you.

Andrew: Nice to meet you.

Merkert: Paul Canterna of Canterna Real Estate.

Paul: It's a pleasure.

Hank: Good to meet you.

Merkert: And Gustavo Fring of Los Pollos Hermanos.

Gustavo: Please, just Gus.

Hank: Got to tell you, you guys make some k*ller chicken.

Gustavo: Thank you very much.

Merkert: They are underwriting this year's fun run, and I thought I would give them a tour.

Hank: Absolutely. Get to see what you're supporting.

Merkert: We thank you gentlemen. Can you tell us a little about your work here?

Hank: The Albuquerque office covers everything from drug-related money laundering to interdiction of illicit controlled substances crossing the border. Now, the group that I supervise focuses on methamphetamine, which is a growing problem in the country, unfortunately.

Gustavo: Terrible.

Merkert: It is indeed.

Hank: Now, we've had some successes locally, but overall the supply seems to be growing. But I got to tell you, community outreach, like this fun run, one of the most powerful w*apon we have. Anything we can do.

Merkert: Gentlemen.

Gustavo: Is this one of your agents?

Hank: No. That's my brother-in-law. He's got a health issue.

Gustavo: I'm very sorry. What sort of health issue?

Hank: Lung cancer.

Gustavo: That's a rough one.

Hank: You don't have to do that.

Gustavo: Please. I'm happy to do it.

Hank: Thank you very much.

Gustavo: You're welcome.

Scene: Rehab

Walter: Just so you know, I won't be back for a while. I'm going to have my surgery on Friday. I'm hopeful it'll go well. But if not, Saul will take care of things. He's got your money. He's keeping it for you. Lingering on things doesn't help, believe me. Just try and focus on getting better, okay?

Jesse: I deserve this.

Walter: What?

Jesse: What you said in the desert. I get it what you meant. I deserve whatever happens.

Scene: White Residence

Marie: There he is! We're doing a feature on Walter Junior. We called you about 50 times.

Walter: I thought we were just talking about a newspaper story.

Marie: I know. But I thought, if it's good enough for the Journal, then why not TV? So I went for it.

Reporter: This is him?

Marie: This is Dad.

Reporter: Great. Let's get everyone on the couch. I'm thinking Walt Junior in the middle, Mom and Dad on either side. Mom and Dad? How much money have you raised so far?

Walter Jr: $6,360. But there's more coming in all the time.

Reporter: That's amazing.

Skyler: We don't even know what to say. It's been incredible.

Reporter: Judging from the things you and other folks have written about him, your dad must be quite a guy.

Walter Jr: He is. He's the best.

Reporter: You don't want to lose him, do you, Walter?

Walter Jr: None of us do. We love him.

Reporter: He's a good man, isn't he?

Walter Jr: Absolutely. Ask anyone. Anybody. He's a great father, a great teacher. He knows, like, everything there is to know about chemistry. He's patient with you, and he's always there for you. He's just decent, and he always does the right thing, that's how he teaches me to be.

Reporter: Would you say he's your hero?

Walter Jr: Yes, ma'am. Totally. My dad is my hero.

Scene: Hospital

Walter Jr: Does that put him to sleep?

Nurse: This one just relaxes him a little. We're almost ready. We'll be taking you in in just a minute.

Walter: Here we are.

Walter Jr: Relaxed yet?

Walter: As a matter of fact I don't know what this stuff is, but it's pretty great.

Skyler: Yeah, it looks like it. We'll be here when you wake up.

Walter: I'll be looking for you.

Skyler: They'll probably want me to take your glasses.

Walter: Yeah, you better.

Skyler: Where's your phone?

Walter: Huh?

Skyler: Your cellphone. Did you bring it?

Walter: Which one?

Walter Jr: I'm pretty sure he didn't bring it, Mom.

Skyler: Okay.

Scene: Doctor’s Office

Dr. Delcavoli: First things first. How old is the baby now? And when do I finally get to meet her?

Skyler: I was actually thinking of bringing her today, but.

Walter: She's seven weeks tomorrow. Seven, right?

Skyler: I have a picture here, somewhere.

Dr. Delcavoli: She's beautiful. Always a relief to say that and actually mean it. How's your pain level, Walter?

Walter: Very low, basically.

Dr. Delcavoli: Shortness of breath?

Walter: A bit, but much better.

Dr. Delcavoli: Good. Your margins look good. Obviously, I can't foresee the future, but even conservatively speaking, I can say that you bought yourself some real time here. There's no reason not to be optimistic.

Walter: That's great.

Skyler: That is great. So, when could he get back to his normal routine?

Dr. Delcavoli: He can ease into it now. And can he go back to work or I'd give it a few more weeks. Make sure you avoid any heavy lifting and continue to get plenty of rest.

Skyler: But he can be on his own? Just more, independent.

Dr. Delcavoli: Use your best judgment.

Walter: That's good news for you, honey? One less baby in the house.

Scene: Breakroom

Coworker: Donald. Welcome back.

Donald: Thanks. It's good to be back.

Coworker: Jesus. We were all so sorry to hear. Terrible thing. Just, but you know, we've all been thinking about you, and...you've been doing okay?

Donald: I'm doing okay. After a certain point, time off doesn't help, so I figured I'd rather be here, focus on work.

Coworker: Sure. Absolutely. See you inside.

Scene: Air Traffic Control

Donald: Truth Or Consequences altimeter, Pima 311, contact Albuquerque Center 134. 6. Juliet 5 Bravo, ident say altitude. Juliet 5 Bravo, roger. Cleared direct to Winslow.

Scene: White Residence

Walter: I think I may just keep this. What do you think? Doesn't look so bad, right? What are you doing?

Skyler: I'm going to Hank and Marie's for the weekend.

Walter: Since when?

Skyler: I'm taking the baby with me. Marie will pick up Walter Junior from school. You'll have the house to yourself for two days. I want you to pack your things and leave.

Walter: Why would I do that?

Skyler: Hank has offered to help, since you shouldn't be doing any heavy lifting. I want you gone by Monday morning. I want you gone.

Walter: Can you at least tell me why?

Skyler: Because you're a liar, Walt. Two cell phones, after all.

Walter: What?

Skyler: Right before your surgery, I asked if you had packed your cell phone, and you said, "Which one?"

Walter: When? I was medicated. I could have said the world was flat.

Skyler: You know what I think? I think you accidentally told the truth.

Walter: Honey, we have been over this. Asked and answered, right?

Skyler: Then it got me thinking again about all the strange behavior, not the least of which was the disappearance. Out of my mind with worry, calling hospitals, checking the morgue. Your fugue state. I had to believe that, didn't I? I had to find a way. I mean who would lie about such a thing?

Walter: You tell me. You tell me exactly what it is you think I'm lying about. What? I'm having an affair. Is that what you think?

Skyler: Yes. For the last few weeks.

Walter: With whom? Who am I having an affair with?

Skyler: My guess was Gretchen Schwartz. Something was going on between you. I just knew.

Walter: Jesus. Get me a Bible to swear on, if that's what it takes. I am not having an affair with Gretchen.

Skyler: I know. I know you're not. Because I asked her. It really took me forever to get in touch with her. She was ducking my calls for weeks. So I finally left a message "What exactly is going on between you and my husband?" I thought that would get her attention, and it did. So she called me back, and she finally told me. The money for your treatment, Gretchen and Elliott didn't give you a dime. They paid for nothing. You refused every offer they made you. But that didn't make sense because I checked with Delcavoli at the hospital, and not including your surgery, we're nearly paid up. Over $100,000. Out of where? Out of thin air? But then I called your mother. Thanks for that, too. But I thought, maybe she has some money that I don't know about. Maybe she contributed. It's possible. It turns out that not only is the money not from your mother, she didn't even know that you have cancer. You never went to see her. I dropped you at the airport. I picked you up. You were gone for four days, and yet she swears that you were never there. Lies on top of lies on top of lies. Could you just once do me the courtesy of not denying it?

Walter: Don't do this, please. Please don't go. Skyler! If I tell you the truth, will you stay? Stay, and I will tell you everything.

Skyler: Whatever it is I'm afraid to know.

Scene: Air Traffic Control

Donald: Wayfare, 5-1-5 radio check. Wayfare 5-1-5 Albuquerque Center, roger. Climb and maintain 1-3,000. Juliet Mike 2-1, Squawk 4. Julie Mike 2-1, climb and maintain 1-7,000. Cleared direct to Albuquerque via the Aircraft calling. Please stand by. Jane Mike 2-1, turn heading Disregard. Aircraft calling, say again. Lifeguard 4-6. Cleared direct to Albuquerque. Climb and maintain 1-7,000. Juliet Mike 2-1, turn left heading 1-1-5. Wayfare 5-1-5. Traffic 3:00. Kingair, turn left heading 0-8-5. Sierra Alpha. Alpha contact Albuquerque Center 13 Contact Albuquerque Center 124. 6. Wayfare 5-1-5. Descend.