[Season 3]
[Episode 1]
Scene: TV

Reporter: We interrupt scheduled programming to bring you this breaking news. Good afternoon. In the last several minutes KOB has received dozens of reports of what appears to be a crashed aircraft, possibly two aircraft on Albuquerque's east side. As of yet details are scarce but callers describe witnessing an expl*si*n overhead followed by falling debris. Visible now

Reporter: Crash investigators with the National Transportation Safety Board are expected on site as early as this evening. But officials warn that with a debris field of this magnitude, the investigation Officials are now saying that the Boeing 737 was being re-routed, or vectored, through the airspace which is standard procedure according to a spokesman for the FAA.

Reporter: The eight-seat King Air 350 was a charter flight operating out of St. George, Utah, bound for Amarillo, Texas.

Reporter: It sounded like hail, like heavy hailstones. It was just bump-bump-bump, all over the neighborhood…

Reporter: Indicating that the final death toll now stands at 167.

Reporter: One hundred and sixty-seven. This mid-air collision has left many wondering how such an accident could take place in a system with so many safeguards.

Reporter: That the collision which brought down Flight 515 was caused by improper air traffic control. We have the b*mb confirmation out of Oklahoma City as the FAA confirmed it was indeed a lone air traffic controller's fateful mistake which brought about the crash.

Reporter: Is Donald Margolis, a 19-year veteran of the FAA's Air Route Traffic Control Center in Albuquerque. Margolis recently returned to work after a five-week absence which was due to, quote, "a personal loss". While it's now known that Margolis had recently lost a daughter to a…

Reporter: Drug overdose a month before. His troubled daughter Jane Margolis, aged 26 apparently had a long history of substance abuse. Friends of the family say the death of his only child h*t Margolis particularly hard. Coming as it did little more than a month before, many are questioning the timing of his return to work and are wondering how much blame truly lies with those who let this grieving father…

Scene: Lawyer’s Office

Lawyer: I usually open with "So sorry you're here". Where would you like to begin?

Skyler: I really just need this quick and easy, you know? As quick as something like this can be. So…

Lawyer: Okay. Is that mutual? Does your husband go along with that? Does he know?

Skyler: Well, I mean, he certainly knows we're separated, so.

Lawyer: Has he moved out?

Skyler: We're in the process of moving him out. Yeah. Today, hopefully. And in the meantime, my son, my daughter and I are staying with my sister.

Lawyer: So you've moved out?

Skyler: Well, yes, just temporarily. Only so he could get his things. And that was supposed to happen last week, but then came the crash and…

Lawyer: Oh, God, you weren't one of the…?

Skyler: Right, yeah. Right beneath the flight path. And we had debris land in our yard, and all over our neighborhood, so.

Lawyer: Terrible.

Skyler: Yeah. Apparently, even you know, parts of bodies. So I certainly couldn't bring myself to…

Lawyer: So awful.

Skyler: I know. Anyway, I was certainly not ready to move back. But it's time. And I'm sure we're driving my sister and her husband up a wall.

Lawyer: Well, you definitely wanna maintain residency in your actual home. It just puts you in a better position in regards to custody. Two children, you said?

Skyler: Yes. Holly here, and then I have a son in high school, Walter Jr. They need to stay with me.

Lawyer: Okay. How long have you been married?

Skyler: Sixteen years.

Lawyer: And it's not an apartment, it's a house that you live in? Do you own outright, do you have a mortgage?

Skyler: Yes, there's definitely a mortgage. We have maybe 15 years on it.

Lawyer: What about other debts or assets? Do you feel you have a good understanding of you and your husband's financial situation? Is your husband employed?

Skyler: Here's the thing. I'm really not looking for any sort of loopholes or I don't know, just…

Lawyer: No, no loopholes. I just intend that every one of my clients get a full and honest accounting of what it is they owe and what it is they own. To that end, I say let's leave no stone unturned. You'd be amazed what I've seen partners hide from one another.

Scene: White Residence Backyard

Hank: Walt? Hey, buddy? Hey, Walt? Hey. There you are. Listen, I…You know, well, it's time.

Scene: Driveway

Hank: The shittiest week since 9l11, okay? Bar none. This is it. Hands down, we're living it. I speak with authority because we had some shitty weeks the past few months. But this here? I mean call freaking Guinness Book of World Records, call freaking…am I talking too much? I am, right? I am, I know. But this situation between you and you know, I don't know. I'm not asking, by the way. It's none of my business. I do not wanna get in the middle of you two. I'm just saying, listen, okay? You b*at a little tactical retreat you regroup, and then: You know, absence makes the…yeah. I'm pulling for you, man. I'm pulling for you. No heavy lifting.

Walt: I got it.

Hank: No, it's okay. I got it. Jesus. What do you got in there, cinder blocks?

Walt: Half a million in cash.

Hank: That's the spirit. I got it, I got it.

Scene: Rehab

Counselor: Who's here for self-improvement? Come on, give me a show of hands. Who among you is here hoping they can actively improve who they are? All right. See, that's your first mistake. You should be here to learn self-acceptance.

Scene: White Residence

Skyler: Hey, honey, you want another waffle? I still got the iron out. I could cut up some bananas.

Answering Machine: Hi, you've reached Walt, Skyler, Flynn and Holly. Please leave us a message.

Walt: Hey. Hello, everybody. Good morning. I was just checking in and thought I'd pass along the current contact information. You certainly can always reach me on my cell I've always got that on me, but in terms of a mailing address I'm here at the Beachcomber and you know what, it's actually very nice, very pleasant. Not as high-end as the Oakwood, but not as corporate.

Skyler: Oh, hey, would you please just?

Walter Jr: Hey, Dad, it's me. No, I'm not okay. I don't know what's going on. Nobody's telling me jackshit around here.

Skyler: Hey, Flynn.

Walter Jr: Whatever. I don't even care anymore. Can you just give me a ride to school?

Skyler: I'll take you to school.

Walter Jr: Yeah. No, I'm ready now.

Skyler: Flynn, I'm taking you to school.

Walter Jr: All right, I'm here. See you soon.

Scene: High School

Carmen: Okay. May I have your attention, please? As all of you know, last week our city suffered a terrible tragedy. One that none of us will ever forget. Which is why today we're going to take a little time out of our schedule to gather in the gym and talk.

Barry: I just find it, you know, really, really hard to concentrate. Because of all the horrors, you know, we perceived. It just really gets inside your brain and in college, they have this thing where if your roommate kills himself like, if you come home and find him hanging in the closet or whatever it's basically an a*t*matic A for you. And I just think that that kind of compassion is something to…

Carmen: Okay. Thank you, Barry. Who wants to go next? No judgments, guys. Just feelings. You can say anything and everything that's on your mind. Anyone? There you go, honey.

Student: I just keep asking myself…

Carmen: Honey, could you please stand up? Thank you.

Student: I just keep asking myself, "Why did this happen?" I mean, if there's a God and all why does he allow all those innocent people to die for no reason?

Carmen: Okay, can we just keep it secular, honey?

Student: Anyhow, I haven't really been sleeping much. Does anyone else have that? I just keep hearing that sound. That boom. It just plays over and over in my head like it won't ever stop.

Carmen: Thank you, sweetheart. Is there anyone else? Over here.

Other Student: My neighbor, he heard the crash and he ran outside, and he found, like, this seat. Like an airline seat. Like what you have on an airliner? Well, anyway, the seat was standing perfectly upright in his front yard right next to his Sea-Doos, because, like, he has Sea-Doos. But there was still a pair of legs buckled into them. Human legs.

Walt: Jesus H. Christ.

Carmen: You okay?

Walt: Yeah, sorry. I'm, I was just moved.

Carmen: Maybe we should hear from the faculty. Certainly this tragedy didn't only affect our students. Mr. White, would you like to say something? And by the way, welcome back. It's so good to have you back.

Walt: I guess what I would…sorry, sorry. I guess what I would wanna say is to look on the bright side. First of all, nobody on the ground was k*lled. And that I mean, an incident like this, over a populated urban center? That right there, that's just gotta be some minor miracle. So. Plus, neither plane was full. You know, the 737 was, what, maybe two-thirds full, I believe? Right, yes? Or maybe even three-quarters full? Well, at any rate, what you're left with casualty-wise is just the 50th-worst air disaster. Actually, tied for 50th. There are, in truth 53 crashes throughout history that are just as bad or worse. Tenerife. Has anybody? Anybody hear of Tenerife? No? In 1977, two fully loaded 747s crashed into each other on Tenerife. Does anybody know how big a 747 is? I mean, it's way bigger than a 737, and we're talking about two of them. Nearly 600 people died on Tenerife. But do any of you even remember it at all? Any of you? I doubt it. You know why? It's because people move on. They just move on. And we will too. We will move on, and we will get past this. Because that is what human beings do, we survive, and…we survive and we overcome. Yeah. We survive. We survive and…Okay? Thank you. Good.

Scene: Driveway

Walt: Hey, how's your Aunt Marie doing?

Walter Jr: Fine. I guess.

Walt: You make sure you say hello to her for me, will you?

Walter Jr: Why don't you just come inside? It's your house.

Walt: No, I…

Scene: White Residence Living Room

Marie: He's gone. Hey, Flynn. How's tricks?

Walter Jr: How's what?

Marie: Tricks. It's an expression. How are you?

Walter Jr: Why you gotta treat him like this? Why you gotta be like this? Why can't you just talk even?

Marie: Hey, hey, hey. Cool down, okay? Out of the mouths of babes, huh? You know, try not to hold it against him. You know, I mean, the poor kid, he's probably just dying of curiosity. You know, and I guess it would be natural for him to wonder. He's probably wondering, "What is it that could have gone so wrong that my mother would leave?"

Skyler: Marie. Marie.

Marie: I can't help you get through this you know, if you won't tell me what it is that Walt did?

Skyler: Well, you know what, I don't remember asking you, all right? So if you wanna be supportive, you could be supportive without prying. That would be really great.

Marie: "Prying."

Skyler: And so helpful.

Marie: Well, prying's a strong word.

Scene: Rehab

Counselor: It's that voice inside your head. It's that sneaky, rat-bastard, You know what I'm talking about. That voice that tells you you're not good enough. Not good enough for what? Not good enough to be what? President of the United States? Well, okay, so maybe you're not that good. But now are you good enough to deserve your share of basic human happiness? Are you good enough to be okay with who and what you are? I say yes. But it doesn't matter what I say. It's your voice, which means you're the one that hears it. Which means you're the only one that can fight it, right? Jesse, we never hear from you. What's going on? You can tell me I'm full of shit. It's okay, I don't mind. Just come on. Let us in on it.

Jesse: So, like, what makes you the expert?

Counselor: I don't think I ever said I was that.

Jesse: Yeah, but you're the one sitting here, right? Telling us "thus" and "so, be happy," "forgive yourself," blah, blah, blah. Have you ever really hurt anybody? I don't just mean disappointed your mother or whatever but did you ever really hurt someone?

Counselor: I k*lled my daughter. It was July 18th, which is my birthday. July 18th, 1992. I was high on cocaine and I was drunk. Cocaine wasn't an issue. I had bought myself two grams as a birthday present. I had plenty left. But I was out of vodka. And this is in Portsmouth, Virginia where instead of selling liquor in the supermarkets they have these ABC stores which close at 5 p. m. , and right then it was like 4:42. So I'm arguing with my wife. "Come on. Go to the ABC for me, it's my birthday. Come on. They're not gonna sell it to me". And she's saying "No, no." So I'm pissed. And the clock is ticking, so I jump in my truck. My 6-year-old daughter is playing at the end of the driveway. So…

Jesse: How do you not hate yourself?

Counselor: I did hate myself for a long time. But it didn't stop me from drinking and getting high. It just made it that much worse. Self-hatred, guilt, it accomplishes nothing. It just stands in the way.

Jesse: Stands in the way of what?

Counselor: True change.

Scene: Walt’s Apartment

Walt: Skyler.

Skyler: Is this a good time to talk?

Walt: Yeah. Come in. Please. Skyler. Do you wanna start?

Skyler: Okay.

Walt: Why are you doing this? Why are you even thinking this way? Is it to punish me?

Skyler: I am not punishing you, Walt.

Walt: This is punitive, is what this is. We are happily married. I am happily married. I am happy. We're just, I love you, Skyler. And I would do anything for you. Would you even consider? I mean, Jesus! You come in here and you wave these papers in my face when there's a whole other, entire side to this thing. There's your side and there's my side, and you haven't heard my side yet. You haven't heard any of it at all.

Skyler: You're a drug dealer.

Walt: No. What? How? What?

Skyler: Yeah. How else could you possibly make that kind of money? Marijuana. That Pinkman kid. No? Oh, my God, Walt. Cocaine?

Walt: It's methamphetamine. But I'm a manufacturer, I'm not a dealer per se. It doesn't mean, no, Skyler! Listen to me. Skyler, listen.

Skyler: No, no!

Walt: There are a lot of angles to this, okay? It's complicated, all right? So please, please, let's just sit back down and talk it through.

Skyler: I'm gonna make you a deal, Walt. I won't tell Hank and I won't tell your children or anybody else. Nobody will hear it from me. But only if you grant me this divorce and stay out of our lives.

Walt: No, Skyler.

Skyler: I mean it. Now let me the hell out of here before I throw up.

Scene: Rehab Parking Lot

Counselor: Bye, Jesse.

Jesse: Your windshield's broken.

Walt: Yeah.

Scene: Walt’s Apartment

Walt: Little friction in the marriage right now. Strictly temporary. We're just, we're just taking a little break. That's you, over there. Listen, money. Saul has got it for you, so as soon as you're feeling better…

Jesse: I'm better.

Walt: You're better? Really? What, the rehab? It helped?

Jesse: Yeah. I'm done using.

Walt: That's excellent. That's very good, Jesse. Boy, very good. You know, in spite of how bad things got it really could be looked at like a wake-up call for both of us. I mean, you know, just to get our lives back together again and on the straight and narrow.

Jesse: You've been following this airplane crash?

Walt: Yeah.

Jesse: You know it was Jane's dad who accidentally crashed them together because he was so torn up?

Walt: Okay, look, let me stop you right there, all right? You are not responsible for this. Not in any way, shape or form, all right? Now, I am very up-to-date on this thing, probably far more than you are and there are many factors at play there.

Jesse: Yeah?

Walt: For instance, there's some sort of collision radar on the jet that may not have been working. That's public record. You can look that up. And the whole system is run on 1960s technology. No. No, really, I blame the government.

Jesse: You either run from things or you face them, Mr. White.

Walt: What exactly does that mean?

Jesse: I learned it in rehab. It's all about accepting who you really are. I accept who I am.

Walt: And who are you?

Jesse: I'm the bad guy.

Scene: Los Pollos Hermanos

Gus: Here's some napkins for you. Enjoy. Is the food to your satisfaction?

Walt: Very much.

Gus: It's good to see you again. May I?

Walt: Please.

Gus: I have an offer that I think will be of interest to you.

Walt: I actually am not here to, I'm here because I owe you the courtesy and respect to tell you this personally. I'm done. It has nothing to do with you personally. I find you extraordinarily professional and I appreciate the way you do business. I'm just making a change in my life, is what it is. And I'm at something of a crossroads and it's brought me to a realization. I am not a criminal. No offence to any people who are but this is not me.

Gus: I'd like you to hear my offer, notwithstanding.

Walt: It won't change my mind, I'm sorry.

Gus: Three million dollars for three months of your time. Three months, then out.

Walt: Three million?

Gus: May I take this as a "yes"?

Walt: I have money. I have more money than I know how to spend. What I don't have is my family. The answer is still no.

Gus: Enjoy your meal.

Walt: Thank you.

Scene: Inside Truck

Olive Oil: That's it! Did you feel it? Texas! I've made this trip three times and every time there's three big bumps and that's how you know! We are officially in Texas! This time I got a job waiting for me. I got a cousin who's got a body shop. Yo, that's for me, homes! They call me "Olive Oil" because I paint them slick. I do pearlescent, color-shift, you name it. I painted cars for some of the biggest gangsters in Michoacan. Wow, those are beautiful boots! Not much good for working, but, hey, what's on the toes there? Little silver…

Driver: What the hell's going on in there?

[Episode 2]
Scene: Side of Road

Walt: Good morning, officer.

Cop: Can you turn the music down?

Walt: Oh, okay.

Cop: Down means off. You know why I pulled you over this morning?

Walt: Well, I'm pretty sure I wasn't speeding. I've been using the cruise control, so I don't…

Cop: No, sir, your windshield. License and registration, please.

Walt: Right. This was from Wayfarer 515. My house was in the debris field.

Cop: Okay.

Walt: And that's what shattered my windshield, some piece of wreckage from the plane.

Cop: I understand.

Walt: You know of flight 515, the plane crash? You're wearing the ribbon.

Cop: Yes, sir. I'm quite aware of Wayfarer 515. I was one of the first responders on the scene.

Walt: Then what are you doing?

Cop: Citing you, sir.

Walt: What? What, you don't believe me?

Cop: Regardless of how that windshield was damaged this car is unsafe to drive in this condition. Stay in the car, please.

Walt: Wait. Wait just a minute. Just one minute.

Cop: I asked you to stay in the vehicle.

Walt: I can get out of my own car.

Cop: Sir, listen.

Walt: No, you listen to me. It's time for you to listen to me.

Cop: Take a deep breath, calm down.

Walt: This is America, okay?

Cop: Get back in that car.

Walt: I have rights. You understand that? At least have the common decency to hear me out.

Cop: Step back now.

Walt: Did you even hear what I said?

Cop: Sir, calm down.

Walt: You're giving me a ticket? I told you that my house was in the debris field. Do you have the remotest inkling of what that means?

Cop: Sir, calm down.

Walt: Hellfire rained down on my house where my children sleep!

Cop: I need you to step back now.

Walt: There were body parts in my yard! Are you kidding me?!

Cop: Sir, last warning. You got two seconds to stand down.

Walt: Or?

Cop: I'm gonna pepper-spray you.

Walt: Pepper-spray me. That is just perfect. Pepper-spray the man who's expressing his opinion under the First Amendment!

Scene: DEA Station

Hank: Lastly a little something from down El Paso way. Border Patrol came across multiple homicides just this side of the border. Truck turns out to be a chicken run out of Juarez into Laredo. Border Patrol's been playing hide-and-seek with these polleros for two years. But this time, soon as they made it across, someone h*t them. h*t them hard. We're talking a driver and nine illegals. No sign of the sh**t.

Steve: So this truck was carrying more than just people. What are we looking at, weed, coke or meth?

Hank: No, doesn't look like they were transporting narcotics.

Steve: Why'd the Border Patrol kick this to us?

Hank: They didn't. I pulled it. You ask me, this is high-end cartel work. Los Zetas, maybe. Question is, why do we have Juarez-style action on our side of the DMZ? They sending a message? Clearing a path? Or was this about stopping one particular border-hopper? Maybe one of those extra-crispies knew something he shouldn't. Anyway, keep your eyes open. All right, that's it.

Steve: Slow news day. Add one more to the countdown.

Hank: Oh, yeah? What's that, Gomey?

Steve: We're waiting on that famous blue meth of yours. Twenty-nine days since we saw it last.

Hank: It's still out there, Gomey. Don't worry. Local P. D. I gotta take this. Gomey, go b*at your pinata. Rest of you jokers, too damn quiet in here. Catch some bad guys. Schrader. Hey, what's up, Walt? What?

Scene: Jesse’s Old House

Mr: Pinkman: Jesse?

Jesse: Hey, Dad. Fixing up the house, huh?

Mr: Pinkman: Doing a little work, yeah.

Jesse: Well, I'll bounce. It's cool.

Mr: Pinkman: You doing okay?

Jesse: Yeah. Yeah, I'm good. I just happened to be driving by and saw the sign. So you're selling the place.

Mr: Pinkman: In this market. Can you believe it?

Jesse: I see you moved the garage. That's bold.

Mr: Pinkman: Your mother's idea. It's quite an operation. We did all new stucco, all new master suite sandblasted, fumigated the basement.

Jesse: Right on. Yeah. You know, fixing up the place totally increases resale value. I read that in, I wanna say, like TIME magazine. So, what'd you do with the upstairs bathroom?

Mr: Pinkman: All redone. New tiles in the bathrooms and kitchens granite countertops, new appliances. All top-of-the line.

Jesse: Damn. That's great, Dad. Think I can get a tour?

Mr: Pinkman: These guys are trying to finish up. Maybe we'd better stay out of their way. There are pictures on the website, if you want to take a look.

Jesse: Cool.

Mr: Pinkman: You're looking healthy. I'll tell your mother. She'll be happy.

Jesse: Thanks. You know, I could come by sometime for dinner or something.

Mr: Pinkman: Yeah. Sometime.

Jesse: Okay. Later, Dad.

Scene: Police Station

Hank: You know, look, he's a high-school teacher. He's never been in trouble a day in his life. He finds out he's got lung cancer and now his wife kicks the poor bastard out of his own house. I mean, look, guys, if anybody rates a little slack, here's the guy. Hey, Walt. Remember Officer Cavanaugh?

Walt: Officer, I'm very sorry that I lost my temper. There's no excuse for my behavior. It was disrespectful.

Hank: Yeah. Thanks, man.

Walt: She's divorcing me.

Hank: I don't know what to tell you, buddy. It is what it is.

Walt: She doesn't want me to see the kids.

Hank: She said that?

Walt: Yeah.

Scene: Walt's Apartment

Saul: You don't write, you don't call.

Walt: God. It's a disaster.

Saul: It is not a disaster.

Walt: Oh, okay. It's not a disaster, all right?

Saul: She's not going to the cops, she's not gonna tell a living soul. You wanna know why? One word: Blowback. If she blabs, it'll be a disaster, for her. That DEA brother-in-law? Screwed. You were right under his nose. He'll be lucky if they let him bust glue-sniffers at the hobby shop. The kids? Paging Dr. Phil. My daddy's a drug dealer and my mommy turned him in. And the house? Gone. Feds would RICO her and the kids out on the street. Good luck arguing with them on that. No. It's not gonna happen. She's bluffing and she knows it.

Walt: Her going to the police is not the point, Saul. She's out of my life. Do you understand? I've lost my family. Everything that I care about.

Saul: Hey, buddy. It's bad. It's a calamity.

Walt: Oh, my God.

Saul: But we live to fight another day. And after a decent interval of time well, there are other fish in the sea. You've been out of circulation for a while. You'll be just amazed at what's out there. Thailand, the Czech Republic. I mean, those women are so grateful to even be here. In the meantime, idle hands are the devil's plaything. So why don't you get back on the horse and do what you do best? First step: Talk to our friend and get cooking.

Walt: I can't be the bad guy.

Saul: What?

Walt: I can't be the bad guy.

Saul: Okay. You know, we'll revisit. Just promise me you won't hang yourself in the closet.

Scene: Park

Kaylee: Pop-pop! Pop-pop, the ice cream man!

Mike: Don't tell your mom.

Kaylee: Okay.

Mike: Yeah.

Saul: It's me. We may have a wife problem. Look, I need eyes on it.

Mike: You got an address?

Scene: White Residence

Skyler: Hey. Dinner's gonna be late. Uncle Hank and Aunt Marie are bringing takeout but if you're hungry, I could rustle something up.
Scene: Dinner Table

Hank: Hey, buddy, pass the ketchup, will you?

Marie: What? I've had enough trans-fat for one lifetime.

Hank: Two-day drive from the nearest ocean and you're eating raw fish. That's all I'm saying. Been awhile since that minnow's been swimming. Right, buddy?

Skyler: Yeah. You know, Flynn here is looking for a part-time job so, I don't know, if you know of anything you might want to…

Walter Jr: My name's Walter Jr. Like, what, you can't even say his name?

Skyler: If you've changed your mind about being called Flynn all you need to do is just tell me that you don't want to be called Flynn.

Walter Jr: Dad didn't even show up till fourth period. And his eyes were all red, like he's been crying or something. But you, you don't even care! And now he won't even drive me home. He won't say why, but I know it's because you told him not to.

Skyler: Honey, I…

Walter Jr: What? I don't know what your problem is. You may not love him anymore, but I do. I mean, why you gotta be? Why you gotta be such a bitch?!

Hank: Hey, hey, hey. No, no, no. Oh, God. You can't talk to your mom like that.

Skyler: Hank, no. Hank. Hank, it's all right.

Hank: Skyler, I know that you must have your reasons for all of this. Sky, I know it's none of my business but keeping Walt from the kids? I mean…

Skyler: You're right, Hank. It's none of your business.

Scene: Driveway

Marie: Oh, my God. After all of that? Please, tell me that you are still not curious.

Hank: There's nothing to be curious about.

Marie: Oh, please.

Hank: The day I heard the words "second cell phone" I knew. Believe me. Seen it a hundred times.

Marie: Okay. All right. So, what? Stop dancing around it. What is it exactly that you have seen a hundred times? Please, please enlighten me.

Hank: Look, a guy like Walt? Nice guy, decent, smart. But, let's face it, underachiever, d*ad-end life, okay? He gets cancer. Time's running out. Mid-life crisis. He acts up. He steps out. And the wife, she catches him. I mean, it's a story as old as time. Look, do the math, Marie. It only comes out one way. Knowing Walt, he felt so guilty, he probably told her himself.

Marie: I don't know. I think if he cheated on her, she would have told me by now. It just feels like something more.

Scene: Saul’s Office

Saul: Yes, yes, yes, 24/7 coverage. Need you ask? How much is this gonna run me? Jesus, I'm in the wrong business. Yeah, I'll call you. Return of the prodigal, back to the land of the living. How you feeling?

Jesse: I'm good.

Saul: Of course you are. The world's your oyster. Am I right? Unencumbered young man with stacks of cash. Hey, I'm jealous. Hand to God, I'm jealous. Speaking of cash, you know what's giving me heartburn lately? Your former partner. This guy, he works like a bastard, right? Builds a business single-handed. Finally the big money shows up and what does he do? He walks out. Talent like that and he flushes it down the crapper. It's like Michelangelo won't paint. Look, I know you're out of it and all but you wouldn't talk to him, would you? Help him pull his head out of his ass? All right, all right, scratch that. Yeah, he won't listen to me, he's not gonna listen to you. All due respect.

Jesse: You want a job?

Saul: A job? Who's got a job for me?

Jesse: I do.

Scene: Beneke

Skyler: There you go.

Ted: Hey. Hey. Thought I'd well visit, if you don't mind.

Skyler: Of course not. You don't need the room, do you?

Ted: No, no, no. I just needed some more space to spread out. Wanted to say hello to little Holly. Hey, girl. Hi, baby. Oh, it's okay. It's okay, it's okay. Oh, yeah. She's a beauty. Look at her.

Skyler: Hey, thanks for being so flexible on me coming in.

Ted: I just wish we had you back full-time. You do brighten up the place.

Skyler: Listen, believe me, this is I don't want to bring this up, but I can't sign off on these quarterlies. I'm sorry, I just can't.

Ted: Is that right?

Skyler: If you're gonna do this, it can't be so glaring.

Ted: Glaring. Okay. That does sound bad. Show me what's bothering you.

Skyler: Keller. Again.

Ted: Oh, God, I'm sorry. I know how you feel about this.

Skyler: Revenue with no backup. Here, here and here. I don't even know what to say.

Ted: Yeah. Yeah, well, okay. This is fixable, right? How about if I just push 28,800 out of this into next quarter? Would you sign it then?

Skyler: I'm just saying I can't sign it as it currently exists.

Ted: Fair enough. I'll take care of it. Thank you for the heads-up. You won't have to deal with this again, I swear.

Skyler: What if your kids found out?

Ted: If my kids found out?

Skyler: This. What you're doing. Someday they're gonna be old enough. How would you explain it to them?

Ted: Well, put me on the spot, why don't you? I guess maybe I'd say that I might have feet of clay but that whatever I did, I did thinking of them. You know, trying to provide. And I'd ask them to try to take the time to understand You know what? Truth is, I haven't thought that far ahead, Skyler. I'm just trying to keep my head above water, so I'd better get back to it.

Skyler: Oh, God. Hi, Walt. Listen, I can't talk I'm at work right now. What?

Scene: Walt’s Apartment

Walt: Louis dropped him off. He was here when I got home. No, no, no, of course. No, he's not staying. He understands that. I'll bring him anywhere you want.

Walter Jr: Dad.

Walt: Well, yeah. It is rush hour. I mean, I could fight traffic and bring him down to Beneke now. But wouldn't it be easier if we? Right, okay, good. So we'll meet you at the house. Okay, bye.

Walter Jr: Why are you doing this? She's just trying to keep me from seeing you and you're helping her.

Walt: Well, son, I mean, your mother, she has her reasons.

Walter Jr: What reasons?

Walt: They're well, they're just a little difficult to delineate. But, I mean, yes, there are two sides to every story, always. But she…yeah. This is just how it has to be for now, okay? Now, look, your home is your home and that is where you belong, all right?

Walter Jr: But it's where you belong. Dad, it's your house. Uncle Hank, Aunt Marie everybody knows that you haven't done anything wrong. Everybody is on your side.

Walt: Well, it's not about taking sides, though.

Walter Jr: How can you let her treat you like this?

Walt: Come on.

Walter Jr: How can you just take it?

Walt: Now just listen to me, okay? No matter what, all of this has nothing to do with how we feel about you, okay? We both love you very, very much, okay? You and your sister will come first always. Come on. Let's try to see this in a positive light, okay? Both of us. Let's just buck up. And I'll take you home. Let me first just h*t the old bathroom here.

Scene: Lawyer’s Office

Saul: Hello. Good afternoon. Nice to meet you. Saul Goodman. Nice to meet you.

Mrs. Pinkman: You're not that lawyer on late-night television, are you?

Saul: Better call Saul! I get it all the time.

Lawyer: We're here to discuss the sale of the property at 9809 Margo.

Saul: I get it. Flat-fee clients, am I right? Well, folks, today's your lucky day. I represent a client who shall remain nameless. However, for our purposes you might just as well visualise a large bag of money. This individual wants to buy your house today for cash.

Mrs. Pinkman: Cash?

Saul: Cash. I know, in this economy. The money is already burning a hole in my client's account. You can ask Mr. Gardiner. I've shown him all the pertinent financials.

Lawyer: It's the only reason we're sitting here.

Saul: Fair enough. We get a few papers signed and notarised we can take care of this right now. In fact, I could wire you your money this very afternoon. There's just one little hair in the soup. The price.

Lawyer: We feel 875 is very fair.

Mr: Pinkman: But I suppose there's always a little wiggle room.

Saul: Well, why don't you wiggle us on down to 400 and you got yourselves a deal?

Lawyer: Four hundred thousand? What is that, a joke?

Saul: No, that's my offer.

Mrs. Pinkman: That's less than half-price.

Mr: Pinkman: We put that much into the renovations alone.

Lawyer: Why don't we just cut the clown act and you tell us what you're willing to come up to?

Saul: Four hundred thousand. That's my final offer.

Mr: Pinkman: Waste of time.

Mrs. Pinkman: Ridiculous.

Lawyer: How could you possibly imagine we'd entertain this?

Mr: Pinkman: Come on, hon.

Saul: I don't know. I thought some allowance was in order once I heard about the meth lab. That used to be in the basement. I looked over your signed disclosure statements and I don't see any mention of a meth lab. Nope. Oh, you got your termite inspection. That's good. But no meth lab. Now, some would call that fraud in service of concealing a felony. I, myself, am more open-minded. But it is tricky. Now, don't get me wrong. I applaud your cojones. I mean, good try at sneaking a meth-contaminated property past a buyer. I mean, could've been a good deal for you. Too bad. Now, I could file a suit and encumber this property indefinitely. Or I could start some criminal proceedings. But I don't think any of us want that, now, do we? How about it, counselor? Do you concur?

Scene: Driveway

Walt: There you go, son. Come on. It's not Devil's Island. Okay. Oh, hey.

Skyler: Hello.

Walt: Brought pizza.

Skyler: Yeah. Well, I'm making dinner.

Walt: Okay, I'll just put it in the fridge. It's even better the next day.

Skyler: Hi, honey.

Walt: Skyler. I mean, what kind of example do we want to set here, right? I mean, can't we at least just sit down and eat a piece of pizza together? Just hash things out like adults?

Skyler: We have discussed everything we need to discuss. I thought I made myself very clear.

Walt: I got dipping sticks.

Scene: Walt’s Apartment

Answering Machine: You've reached Walt's temporary number. Please, leave a message.

Skyler: When I went out this morning to get the newspaper I saw a pizza on our roof. Would you know anything about that? Listen to me, Walt. You need to control yourself. Calm down, accept the situation and keep your distance. If you can't manage that, I will get a restraining order.

Walt: Skyler. Skyler. Got your restraining order right here! Restrain this!

Scene: Jesse’s Old House

Mr: Pinkman: Breaking even is not so bad. In this economy, a lot of people would k*ll to break even.

Mrs. Pinkman: Poor Jake. He had his heart set on going to Space Camp.

Mr: Pinkman: Oh, no. Oh, God. This is all we need.

Jesse: Hey, Mom, Dad. How's it going?

Mr: Pinkman: Jesse, it's really not a good time. Come on.

Mrs. Pinkman: Jesse, the house has been sold. The new owners are expected at any moment. Where do you think you're going?

Jesse: Inside. I bought the place.

Scene: White Residence

Mike: It's me. There's something he should know about.

[Episode 3]
Scene: Bar in Mexico

Tortuga: More. Another.

Bartender: Careful, senor. Hot day like today too much oil in the machine can cause it to blow a gasket.

Tortuga: There are two kinds of men in this world. Those who drink and those who pour. Shut up and fill my glass. Hey, you two. Yes, you. I used to be just like you. Worked dirt for the man till my hands bled. But no more. Because I learned that a man can never drink his fill by waiting in line for the tap.

Bolsa: Listen to him. He can teach you something!

Tortuga: Hey, how you doing, boss?

Bolsa: Good to see you, my friend. You know, I never pegged you for such a deep thinker.

Tortuga: I keep thinking I should write a book.

Bolsa: Maybe, maybe

Tortuga: So, what brings you to this burro's assh*le of a town?

Bolsa: I knew I would find you here. Don't you have something to deliver? Cutting it close, aren't you?

Tortuga: Lots of time. Tortuga may be slow out of the gate, but he always…

Bolsa: Finishes first. Yes, I know. Just like your namesake. I like the way you talk, Tortuga.

Tortuga: Yeah?

Bolsa: You've got such a way with words. They flow like a waterfall. I like that about you. I'm so stupid. I missed your birthday. No, I feel terrible. So bad I came all the way here to this burro's assh*le to give you your present.

Tortuga: Present? Come on, boss. No need to go through the trouble.

Bolsa: Forget it, I wanted to. I have it for you in the back.

Tortuga: Back there?

Bolsa: Yes. Come. Follow me.

Tortuga: It's perfect!

Bolsa: Do you really like it?

Tortuga: I love it! What a great pet it will make. Thank you, boss!

Bolsa: Excellent. Let me sign it for you. Let me sign it "For the big talker."

Scene: Outside White Residence

Mike: He's still breathing. Well, by the looks of him, he has no idea how close he came. I'm assuming Saul Goodman doesn't need to know. Mum's the word.

Scene: Driveway

Skyler: Hang on, baby.

Walt: Hello.

Skyler: Walt? Are you in the house?

Walt: Oh, hey, Skyler. Yeah, it's me.

Skyler: What? What the hell are you doing in there?

Walt: I'm back.

Skyler: No, no, you're not back, Walt. You're not back. Get out of there.

Walt: Well, it's my house too, Skyler. No I'm staying. End of story.

Skyler: We had an agreement.

Walt: I didn't agree to anything. Now, look, just come on inside and we'll talk this through, okay?

Skyler: No. No. There's nothing to talk about. I am not coming in there until you get out.

Walt: Well, suit yourself.

Skyler: Walt. Walt?

Scene: Inside

Skyler: What is wrong with you?

Walt: Skyler, I have every right to be here.

Skyler: No, you don't. You don't live here anymore. We're getting a divorce.

Walt: I don't agree to a divorce.

Skyler: Well, it's not up to you! If you don't get out of here right now, I'm gonna call the police and I'm going to tell them everything. I mean it, Walt.

Walt: There's the phone.

Skyler: It's ringing.

Operator: Albuquerque Police Department. Operator number 314. How may I help you? Albuquerque Police Department. How may I help you?

Skyler: Yes, I want to report a disturbance, please. No, no, it's not exactly, it's a domestic issue. Okay. They're connecting me. Right hand to God, I will tell them.

Walt: Do what you have to do, Skyler. This family is everything to me. Without it, I have nothing to lose.

Skyler: Fine. Yes. My name is Skyler White. I need police assistance at my home right away. My soon-to-be ex-husband broke into my house and I need an officer to come and remove him. It's 308 Negra Arroyo Lane. Okay. Okay. Thank you. They're coming.

Walter Junior: Dad's here? Dad.

Walt: Hey, son. How are you?

Walter Junior: Are you back for good?

Skyler: Why are you home so soon?

Walter Junior: I'm not.

Walt: Hey, I am starving. How about a grilled cheese?

Walter Junior: Sure.

Walt: You want one too?

Skyler: Walter. Your dad and I have something we need to discuss. When your sandwich is ready, I'll bring it to your room.

Walter Junior: Mom, can't it wait? I haven't seen Dad in, like, forever.

Skyler: Walter?

Walt: How was school?

Walter Junior: It was good.

Walt: Yeah? Homework?

Walter Junior: No, not really.

Walt: Not really? What does that mean?

Walter Junior: So are you gonna be at work tomorrow?

Walt: Yeah, that's the plan.

Cop: Hello, ma'am. We were called about a disturbance?

Skyler: It's more of a trespassing situation, really, but yeah, that was me.

Walter Junior: You called the cops on Dad?

Skyler: I came home from work and he was back. He had just moved back into the house. And I asked him to leave, but he won't listen. I just want him out. I want him out of the house.

Cop: Okay, Mrs. White, there's a couple questions I need to ask you. It's very important you answer honestly. Did he strike you?

Skyler: No.

Cop: Has he ever h*t you?

Skyler: No. This is not about v*olence. This is about trespassing. About him being here against my will.

Cop: Okay. Trespassing. You're divorced, then?

Skyler: No, working on it. Right now, we’re separated.

Cop: Legally separated?

Skyler: There's not a court order, if that's what you mean. But we've been living apart for almost two weeks, give or take. I changed the locks. Isn't that breaking and entering?

Cop: Whose name is on the title to the house?

Skyler: Both of us. It's jointly owned.

Cop: We can't arrest a man for breaking into his own house. Not without a court order requiring he stays away. Unless he's thr*at you or the kids.

Skyler: No. Not physically. But having him in the house is just, it's not a good thing. Excuse me.

Walt: I got her, honey. Come here. Here we go. You hungry? You hungry? Here we go. That was it. I'm sorry, officer. Where were we?

Other Cop: Disagreements.

Walt: Yes, well, we've had our share of that. I haven't been the most attentive husband lately.

Cop: Mrs. White, would this be easier if we stepped outside for a minute?

Skyler: No. Nope. I'm fine right here.

Cop: I'm gonna level with you, ma'am. If you want him out of the house, you'll have to help me. Is it possible maybe he's broken any laws that you know of? Anything at all. Anything that we could work with here, just tell me. Even if it's just a suspicion, I can work with that. I'll get him out of the house for you.

Other Cop: What's your take on all this?

Walter Junior: It's my mom's fault. She won't even say what my dad did and it's because he didn't do anything. I don't know why she's being this way. My dad, he is a great guy.

Walt: Son, it's not your mom's fault.

Cop: Mrs. White. I'm sorry, ma'am. There's no legal basis for us to remove your husband from the house. Next time you feel things are getting out of control you should call this number. It's the family hotline. I'd really look into some counseling. Best of luck to you folks.

Walt: Listen, thank you, officers. We're sorry.

Walter Junior: Why you gotta do this to Dad?

Walt: Junior, wait, come on. Don't blame your mother for this. Sorry.

Skyler: Welcome home.

Scene: Jesse’s House

Saul: He lives. Happy housewarming, kid. Don't look so glad to see me.

Jesse: Thanks.

Saul: Interesting decor. It's subtle. The whole minimalist thing never really blew my hair back, but hey. So how are you doing? Staying clean? Good. I was kind of worried that you were back to old habits since I didn't hear from you, you know. You realise how stupid it is to ignore your counsel's phone calls? What if I was trying to warn you that the DEA was gonna kick down your door? What then?

Jesse: Why don't you spare me the sermon and get to why you're here?

Saul: Fair enough. Remember the other day when I brought up the idea of you getting back in touch with your partner? Well, I kind of wanted to re-float that boat. I'm not suggesting you yourself get back to cooking. I mean, you being in rehab and all. I only want you to convince the master chef to do his thing. So, what do you say?

Jesse: Sure, man. Whatever.

Saul: Okay. Whatever what? I mean, you gonna call him?

Jesse: I said I'll handle it. Now, bounce, will you? Please?

Saul: Final thought. Look at this place. You're house-poor, you got no bankroll. If you get the maestro cooking again, I'll make it worth your while. Call him.

Jane’s Voicemail: If you're trying to sell me something, I've got four words for you: "Do Not Call list." However, if you're cool, leave it at the beep.

Scene: Inside Hank’s Car

Hank: Schrader. Yes, sir. Yeah, what's up? Yeah? That's great news, sir. Thank you. Yeah, yeah, absolutely, you can bet on that. Hey, listen, thanks again, sir I really appreciate you stepping to the plate. Thank you.

Steve: So you gonna keep me in suspense or what? What's the good news?

Hank: Merkert called in a couple of favors. El Paso wants me back.

Steve: Hey, man, congrats, man. That's fantastic.

Hank: Thank you.

Scene: Gus’s Chicken Farm

Gus: Hello. Gentlemen. Welcome. Thank you for coming. Any difficulty at the border?

Bolsa: The day I can't get across the border is the day I retire.

Gus: Please, come in. I apologize that it's not wheelchair accessible.

Bolsa: My apologies, Gustavo. Of course, you should have been advised. It's your territory, you had a right to bless the order. But we had no reason to believe the man was of concern to you.

Gus: Indeed, he is.

Bolsa: So you're in business with this Heisenberg.

Gus: I don't know him by that name, but yes. I've made no secret of the fact that I have always done business with certain local manufacturers. You and I, we still make money together. It's never affected our relationship.

Bolsa: Don Salamanca had a nephew named Tuco.

Gus: Yes, I knew of him.

Bolsa: Then perhaps you know Don Salamanca mentored him in the business. Thought of Tuco as a son. When Don Salamanca was no longer able, Tuco took over for his uncle. He was a key man in our organization north of the border. He was loyal. This Heisenberg, Walter White he was one of Tuco's local suppliers. Until he betrayed Tuco. So now you see, blood must be repaid by blood. Tuco's cousins here, they have the right to exact vengeance. The Salamanca family, the cartel, everyone stands shoulder to shoulder on this.

Gus: Don Salamanca. Gentlemen. I feel your loss deeply. Please accept my condolences. I have no issue with your right to vengeance. But I am presently engaged in business with this man. When our business is done he will no longer be of any concern to me. Until then I need him alive.

Bolsa: Excuse us. I don't tell you how to fry your chickens, Gustavo. You should really leave matters of my organization's politics to me.

Gus: Do I not run my own territory?

Bolsa: Of course you do. And I will advise them to be patient. But I recommend you finish your business with the man quickly. Or you risk losing the good graces of the cartel. That would not be wise. And those boys inside I cannot guarantee that they will listen. They are not like you and I.

Scene: Jesse’s House

Jane’s Voicemail: If you're trying to sell me something, I've got four words for you: "Do Not Call list." However, if you're cool, leave it at the beep. If you're trying to sell me something, I've got four words for you: "Do Not Call list. " However, if you're cool, leave it at the beep. If you're trying to sell me something, I've got four words for you…”

Scene: White Residence

Skyler: Sweetheart. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's okay. It's okay, my girl. Yes, it's okay. It's okay. Mama's got you. I've got you. Yes. Yes.

Walt: Skyler? Want some help? Skyler, can I use the bathroom? God.

Scene: Lawyer’s Office

Lawyer: What do you mean? Against your will?

Skyler: Yes. Very much against my will. He just showed right back up. And he doesn't want a divorce. Won't even consider it. I called the police on him. I was so close…

Lawyer: So close to what?

Skyler: Nothing. Never mind.

Lawyer: Skyler, I can't advise you properly if you don't give me all the facts. Understand, I'm bound by the attorney-client privilege to keep everything you tell me a secret. I can't tell a soul unless you authorize me to.

Skyler: Even if it's something illegal?

Lawyer: Especially if it's illegal. I'm your lawyer, not the police. My job is to protect you.

Skyler: My husband makes meth. Methamphetamine.

Lawyer: Your husband's a drug dealer?

Skyler: A manufacturer, technically. They call them cooks. I looked it up on the Internet.

Lawyer: This is my advice, and you should take it: Sue your husband for divorce immediately. Let me go to the police and tell them what you just told me. I'll go in ex parte to get a restraining order from the court today. If he comes anywhere near you and your children, he'll go straight to jail. No questions asked. This is a no-brainer. It's the best thing for you and your family.

Skyler: I can't. I can't do it. I don't want my son to find out that his father is a criminal. I just, I can't do that to him.

Lawyer: In the end, it may not be up to you. Drug dealers have a way of getting caught.

Skyler: Walt has lung cancer. His treatment bought him some time. But the doctors, they all say that sooner or later. I can't see why I should lay all this on my family when things may resolve themselves on their own without anyone else knowing.

Scene: Bar

Steve: Man, did I lose a bet or something? What are we doing in this sh*thole?

Hank: Relax, will you?

Steve: Relax? This is the kind of place you get knifed. We should have went to Chili's, man.

Hank: All right, already. Jesus.

Steve: Outback Steakhouse. It's not too late. They got that Blooming Onion.

Hank: What's wrong with spicing things up a little?

Steve: This spice looks like it's been through a couple of guys already. So when you headed back down to El Paso?

Hank: You know. Between all the packing, errands, getting the ducks in a row maybe a week or two.

Steve: Week or two? Come on, man. I'd be dying to get back in the action. It's not like there's nothing going on up here.

Hank: What are you talking about?

Steve: Ain't jack going on up here. It's quiet as hell.

Hank: I'm gonna h*t the head. Those two over there. I think they're holding.

Steve: Man, in this place, the bartender's probably holding. All right.

Hank: What you doing?

Steve: Calling A.P.D. What do you think?

Hank: Since when can't we handle a couple dirtballs?

Steve: Come on, man. Courtesy call. What if Vice is running some kind of undercover op?

Hank: Screw it. It's your turn to pay.

Steve: Where you going?

Hank: Gotta take a leak.

Steve: Jesus, get yourself some Flomax.

Hank: Stand up.

Guy: You got a problem with us, bitch?

Hank: Your move. DEA. Don't move. Go out and tell my partner to get his ass in here.

Scene: Jesse’s House

Jane’s Voicemail: If you're trying to sell me something, I've got four words for you: "Do Not Call list." However, if you're cool, leave it at the beep. If you're trying to sell me something, I've got four words for you: "Do Not Call…”

Recording: The number you have reached, 149-4985 in area code 505 is no longer…

Scene: White Residence

Walt: Skyler. Can we talk?

Scene: DEA

Steve: ASAC wants to see you.

Hank: And?

Steve: We were hanging back, saw a deal go down. I went outside to call it in. You stayed to keep an eye on the suspects. That's when they att*cked you. What I didn't tell him is that you left your g*n under the seat before you went back inside.

Scene: White Residence

Walt: I've done a terrible thing. But I did it for a good reason. I did it for us. That is college tuition for Walter Jr and Holly 18 years down the road. That is health insurance for you and the kids. For Junior's physical therapy, his SAT tutor. It's money for groceries, for gas, for birthdays and graduation parties. Skyler, that money is for this roof over your head. The mortgage you aren't gonna be able to afford on a part-time bookkeeper's salary when I'm gone.

Skyler: Walt, I…

Walt: Please. Please. This money, I didn't steal it. It doesn't belong to anyone else. I earned it. The things I've done to earn, the things that I've had to do I've got to live with them. Skyler, all that I've done, all the sacrifices that I have made for this family all of it will be for nothing if you don't accept what I've earned. Please. I'll be here when you get home from work. You can give me your answer then.

Scene: Beneke

Ted: Hey, Sky.

Skyler: Are your kids home?

Scene: White Residence

Louis: Hey, Mrs. White.

Skyler: Hey, Louis.

Louis: Hey, thanks for having me over for dinner.

Skyler: Sure.

Walt: Hey, Skyler. I'm cooking dinner. Pot roast. So how was your day?

Skyler: Good.

Walt: Good. Excellent. I hope you don't mind, I invited Louis to stay for dinner tonight. You know, as a thank you for driving Walter Jr. to school for us. We've been kind of absent but, I tell you, Louis really pitched in. Look, I just wanna say that I feel good about our talk this morning and I'm very eager to hear what you're thinking about what we talked about. But, you know, whenever you're ready, of course. Honesty is good. Don't you think?

Skyler: I f*cked Ted. Boys, dinner. Iced tea?

Walter Junior: Yeah. Okay. Thank you.

Skyler: Louis?

Louis: Yes, please.

Skyler: All right. I want you boys both to eat your salad, okay? Okay. I know nobody likes salad but it's good for you.

[Episode 4]
Scene: Gas Station

Cara: So cigarettes and gas is $79.

Jesse: 70. Crap.

Cara: There's an ATM right outside.

Jesse: Yeah, I don't have a card.

Cara: Well, you can write a personal check with ID.

Jesse: Kind of in between banks right now. You think I could just come back later? I'm totally good for it. I'd come back, I swear.

Cara: If it were me, I'd be totally, you know, "No problem." But my dad is this ginormous hard-ass. He was in Fallujah for a year. And he always checks the receipts. I mean, like, always. I gotta call him. I'm sorry.

Jesse: Wait, wait, wait. Hold on a second. Maybe we could trade. Ever try it?

Cara: I mean, I smoke pot a lot sometimes. I party. But that stuff's really addictive, right?

Jesse: Not really. It's just a media thing. You know?

Cara: What's it like?

Jesse: It's awesome. Everything's maximum interesting. You get these really cold and sharp-like action dagger feelings. It's awesome. Come on. What do you say? Have a nice day.

Scene: Saul’s Office

Saul: So how does it feel? Does it hurt?

Antonio: Yeah, it's tight.

Saul: Yeah, but is it painful?

Antonio: It's hard to breathe.

Saul: Well, you need your breathing. Although let's not lose sight of the fact that you were the victim of a terrible accident, Antonio, so some discomfort is to be expected. Let's go with that one. A cashier's check, por favor. Oh, and spread the word. I'm building a class-action, flight 515. Victims' families would be great. I'll take anyone on the ground who suffered emotionally. Anxiety, sleeplessness. You get the picture. Trouble?

Walt: Ted Beneke? You cannot be serious. That guy is a joke.

Skyler: You know what? You called my bluff.

Walt: What does that even mean?

Skyler: You dared me to tell the police and I couldn't do it, so you win. If you want to stay in this house, fine, but we are not married anymore.

Walt: I told you that I was done cooking meth, Skyler. I promised you that.

Skyler: So what?

Walt: You know what? At least I didn't run off to go…Jesus! I mean, everything that I did, I did for this family.

Skyler: Just keep telling yourself that.

Walt: What is that supposed to mean?

Skyler: You don't like it, then leave. And take your drug money with you.

Walt: That's what you want.

Saul: Jesus.

Mike: Garbage disposal.

Walt: You think this will get me to move out? You can screw Ted. You can screw the butcher, the mailman.

Skyler: God, Walt.

Walt: Whoever you want. Screw them all. I'm not going anywhere.

Skyler: Suit yourself.

Saul: Is this a good or bad thing?

Walt: Suit myself. You want me to suit myself? I'll suit myself to his face!

Saul: It's a bad thing.

Scene: Beneke

Walt: Hello. Walter White to see Ted Beneke.

Margaret: I'm sorry. Mr. Beneke's on a conference call.

Walt: Okay. I will wait.

Margaret: It could be a while.

Walt: I have all the time in the world. Okay. Here we go. Okay.

Margaret: Excuse me. Mr. Beneke's not available.

Walt: Ted? Come on.

Margaret: Sir, excuse me. Excuse me.

Walt: Ted, I can see you. I can see you standing right there in your office. Now, come on. Open the door. Come on, let's talk. I just want to talk. That's all. Come on, let's be men about this. Okay? How about that?

Ted: Hey, Walt. I'm kind of in the middle of something now.

Walt: Oh, yes, you are. So open the door. You're damn right. You're right in the middle. Just open the door and let's talk about it, okay? Open the door, Ted, right now. You don't want to be a man about it? Plan B. How do you like that? Plan B.

Margaret: We have a situation.

Walt. Walt. Walt. What are you doing?

Walt: I'm talking with Ted. Next time, you'll open the door.

Employee: Freeze!

Walt: Come on. Oh, damn it. No, I'm just here to talk. I just want to talk to him.

Employee: Outside. Let's go.

Walt: God. Can I just talk? I just want to talk to him.

Employee: Calm down.

Walt: Okay, all right. All right, all right, all right. I'm calm. I'm calm. assh*le. What do you want? What do you want? Hey! Hey, come on.

Scene: Saul’s Office

Saul: What the hell is wrong with you? You act like you're the first guy this happened to. I caught my second wife screwing my stepdad, okay? It's a cruel world, Walt. Grow up.

Walt: I just wanted to talk to him.

Saul: Yeah, well, now I'm talking to you. Consider this an intervention. You could have been arrested back there. You understand. Speaking as your lawyer, I'm always looking for billable hours. But speaking as your business associate I'm strongly advising that you get your shit together. Just cool it with this Beneke guy, at least for now. Okay? Let's talk shop, because I think this is a great opportunity to channel some of that negative energy into something positive.

Walt: How did you know?

Saul: Sorry?

Walt: About Skyler. About where to find me just now. How did you know?

Saul: That's just my meticulousness. Don't bog down in detail, Walt. The lesson here should be…

Walt: Did you bug my house?

Saul: Yeah! But I didn't know it was your house, did I? You'd moved out. Besides, you basically told me to.

Walt: I told you to?

Saul: You strongly hinted that I should. You were worried your wife might say something to the police.

Walt: What? No, no, that's not true. When the hell did I say that?

Saul: Let's not get lost in the who, what and whens. The point is we did our due diligence and she didn't talk. She kept quiet. She stood by you, Walt. Which, if you ask me, is the ironical silver lining here. I mean, on the one hand sure, she snuck off the reservation to get some dirty, damp and deep. On the other hand.. Off me!

Walt: You're fired! You're done!

Saul: Good! "Oh, boohoo, I won't cook meth anymore". You're a crybaby! Who needs you? And I'm unplugging the website, so no more money laundering! How do you like that?

Walt: I want those bugs out of my house today. I want them out now!

Saul: You just bought a $300 suit, psycho! Go.

Scene: White Residence

Walt: Great, drilled right into the stucco.

Mike: A little bit of putty, you'll be fine.

Walt: Just make sure you get all of those things.

Mike: A, these things cost $800 apiece. B, you're not that interesting. So yeah, I'll get all of them, Walter.

Walt: Great line of work, by the way. Real upstanding field.

Mike: Yeah, well I enjoy it.

Walt: You're free to leave now. Anytime.

Mike: You know, Walter, sometimes it doesn't hurt to have someone watching your back.

Scene: Classroom

Carmen: Mr. White?

Walt: Hi. What's up?

Scene: Carmen’s Office

Carmen: I can't begin to understand what you're going through, Walt with all of your health concerns and the stresses you've been under. But still, as educators there are certain responsibilities we need to be meeting here to the school and to the students themselves.

Walt: Of course. Is this a wheaten terrier?

Carmen: Norfolk.

Walt: Norfolk? That's surprising.

Carmen: Walt, could you come back over here and have a seat, please?

Walt: Sure.

Carmen: You've been absent a lot recently. And when you are here at school, there have been some behavioral questions. And frankly I'm concerned.

Walt: Thank you.

Carmen: Are you feeling okay? Do you think maybe I should call Skyler?

Walt: No. Let's just keep this…

Carmen: What? Hey! Walt, what's wrong with you?

Scene: Airport

Hank: You know, look, you're the one always talking about D.C, okay? This is how you get there. You answer the bell. You pay your dues. Besides, you know, it's a big deal to get picked for this. El Paso's like the Super Bowl. I could get k*lled crossing the street, okay? Whatever. You know, I want to go.

Marie: What about last time?

Hank: What about last time? Schrader. Hey, sheriff. Yeah. Blue, huh? Yeah, yeah. Thing is, I'm supposed to be getting on a plane right now. The stuff this guy had was blue. You sure about that? Yeah. Yeah, I want to talk to him. Taxi.

Scene: School Parking Lot

Walt: Hi.

Jesse: Man, I'm sorry. I needed to talk to you, but you weren't at your apartment.

Walt: No, I moved back home.

Jesse: That's good, right?

Walt: Yeah.

Jesse: Yo, did you just get fired?

Walt: No. No, no, no. It's more like a sabbatical. Indefinite. Yeah. So, what's up?

Jesse: Should we go somewhere?

Walt: No, this is fine.

Jesse: So I want an intro to your guy.

Walt: What guy?

Jesse: Your guy. Your distribution guy. The guy Saul hooked you up with.

Walt: No, no, no. Come on, Jesse.

Jesse: I thought about it and I want to. It's the one thing I'm good at.

Walt: No, that is just not true. You're good at a lot of things, son.

Jesse: Like what?

Walt: What about your sobriety?

Jesse: I told you, I'm not using. Ever. I just want back into the business.

Walt: Well, I don't. I'm sorry.

Jesse: I know, and that's cool. I'm not asking you to cook.

Walt: What's this?

Jesse: In the end, I just went with two reflux condensers. I didn't want to lose track of my pH levels. But I did everything else just like you taught me. Super careful in my amounts and watched the numbers every step of the way. So, what do you think? It's good, right?

Walt: What in the hell is this?

Jesse: What?

Walt: What? This. This. This is my product. This is my formula. This is mine.

Jesse: It's our product, but yeah, I was gonna cut you in.

Walt: Oh, you were gonna cut me in? No, no, no. I cut you in.

Jesse: What the hell is your problem? All I'm asking is for you to set a meet.

Walt: Absolutely not.

Jesse: Why?

Walt: Because I am not gonna lend my name to an inferior product. I mean, look at the diameters here. What did you use for reduction? Don't tell me. Platinum dioxide, right?

Jesse: No. Mercury-aluminum amalgam. The dioxide's too hard to keep wet.

Walt: All right, well, you must've done it wrong, then. Your color is all cloudy, so you were struggling with distillation too. Now, this is very shoddy work, Pinkman. I'm actually embarrassed for you.

Jesse: What? No way. I gave out samples and everyone said it was the b*mb.

Walt: Oh, they said it was the b*mb. And who were they, I wonder? A bunch of meth heads?

Jesse: Yeah. Yeah. They should know, right?

Walt: Yeah, well, sorry. I can't help you.

Jesse: Fine, ass-wad. I'll contact the guy myself.

Walt: Oh, yeah? Well, good luck. Because my guy is a pro and he doesn't deal with junkies.

Jesse: You know what? Eat me.

Walt: Anytime, loser. Hey, hey, hey! Wait. Hey!

Scene: Beneke

Skyler: I can't believe it's only 4:00. This day is dragging.

Scene: Ted’s House

Skyler: Okay. I wish I could stay.

Ted: So stay. What's stopping you?

Skyler: What, like everything, you mean? How about my lunatic husband refusing to leave the house?

Ted: So move in here.

Skyler: And then my son hating me even more.

Ted: That'll pass. I went through that with the girls. They adapt.

Skyler: And now everyone at work thinks I'm an evil ladder-climbing whore.

Ted: They're all fired, effective immediately. What else?

Skyler: Oh, aren't you the answer man?

Ted: Where did it go wrong, exactly, with you and Walt? I mean, I always saw him as kind of mild-mannered. Something, I don't know, changed when he got sick or?

Skyler: I don't know what changed, Ted. And I just don't feel really comfortable talking about it.

Ted: Sorry. Just asking out of self-interest. Gotta make sure I don't make the same mistake.

Skyler: I would be amazed.

Scene: Interrogation Room

Hank: Just let me see if I'm following you here, Russell. You got this stuff from some guy at Gasparza's who was wearing tan pants and who you're 80 percent sure had a mustache. That's it, right? That's your brain working at maximum capacity? Russell. Everything all right in there?

Mel. The dude's name was Mel.

Hank: Well, there you go. See? You served an actual earthly function.

Russell: I can't believe I remembered that.

Hank: Mel who? Does he have a last name?

Russell: Yeah, Mel. Wait. Was it Mel or Mark? It was definitely an M name. Oh, man, I'm losing it. Wait, wait. Yeah. It's gone. It's gone. It was an M name though. Yeah. I remember the muh sound.

Hank: All right, well, we'll go with the muh sound. Thanks a lot. Appreciate it.

Russell: Yeah. He definitely had tan pants.

Scene: Hallway

Hank: Remind me to get a vasectomy. Okay, it's after 9, so this bar that Girl George is at probably wall-to-wall dirtbags by now. Let's go have a little looky-loo, see if we can't find this M-named clown.

Steve: What?

Hank: It's a lead
.
Steve: Lead to what?

Hank: To Heisenberg. I told you it was only a matter of time before this guy booted up again. Here we go, my friend. Don't hate me because I'm beautiful, Gomey. Just apologize and buy me a beer.

Steve: Man, you're reaching. This stuff could be a knockoff or left over from an older cook. How do you know Heisenberg's gearing up again?

Hank: How do I know? Because I know.

Steve: I don't get it. This is the reason why you're bl*wing off the task force? Chase down teeners? I'm getting tired of all the second-guessing.

Hank: If you're not sufficiently stimulated by this investigation do us both a favor and ask for a transfer.

Steve: What is up with you lately? Starting bar fights, turning down El Paso and now this bullshit? Do you need to talk to someone or what?

Hank: Talk to someone? Talk to who?

Steve: I'm not trying to step on your toes, bro. Okay? I'm just worried about you. That's all.

Hank: Appreciate that, bro. Now take your hand off my shoulder.

Scene: Saul’s Office

Saul: Yeah, yeah, the one that was on TV. Did any little piece fall on your property? I'm not looking for an entire wing here, Mr. Linkas. It could be a nut or a bolt. It could be a bag of peanuts just so long as it caused you pain and suffering. Oh, no, no, no. Closed. Calling you back. You had your chance. I told you to get him cooking again. You blew it off and now it's too late. The guy's gone mass maniac on us! All I wanted was to show you two your potential. And what do I get in return? A bone contusion. You wanna see the scar? I wish you two had…Hi, there. How in the hell did you get Walt to…

Jesse: I made it. You know the guy who knows the guy, right?

Scene: Mike’s Car

Mike: Well, good news is for stage-three cancer, the guy's doing well physically. ment*lly, the guy's a disaster. He's gone off the rails over this thing with his wife. My opinion, he's not coming back. Not on his own. Your friends were at his place again, by the way. They drew something on the street outside his house. A scythe.

Gus: Animals. Does the lawyer know?

Mike: Should he?

Gus: No.

Mike: If you want this guy to produce again, why not just tell him? You stand between him and an ax in the head.

Gus: I don't believe fear to be an effective motivator. I want investment. For now, I'm simply interested in the time frame. He will live for the foreseeable future, yes?

Mike: Foreseeable. Couple years at least, barring acts of God and men with axes. From the lawyer, I'm supposed to let you know the Pinkman kid is looking to sell.

Gus: I don't work with junkies.

Mike: That's what I thought you'd say. Probably for the best. What I hear, he and Walter are splitsville.

Gus: Really?

Mike: That's what Goodman says. Cats and dogs.

Gus: Do the deal.

Scene: Hank’s Car

Voice: You have one unheard message.

Merkert: Agent Schrader, you need to be calling me back ASAP. I've got Texas breathing down my neck and I'm not about…

Scene: Gas Station

Cara: No, I haven't seen Matt since my dad fired him, like, a while ago.

Hank: Where can I find him, you think?

Cara: No idea. Haven't seen him.

Hank: I know. You said that a few times.

Cara: Yeah, because I haven't seen him. I don't know what else to say.

Hank: What's your name, darling?

Cara: Cara.

Hank: Where did this come from, Cara?

Cara: I don't know. What is it? Drugs?

Hank: Look, I'm just gonna come right out and say it. You're a bad liar, Cara. Don't get me wrong. Not the worst I've ever seen. Once I had a guy try to explain the dope balloon up his butt on bad Thai food. Still, you're not a very good liar.

Cara: I honestly don't know…

Hank: Stop. You look like a good kid. I'm not here to get you in trouble. But you need to tell me where this came from right now!

Cara: I never do stuff like this. I swear to God. I tried it and I hated it, so I just gave it to Matt.

Hank: Okay, and who gave it to you?

Cara: Some guy. He came in a couple days ago and wanted to trade it for gas.

Hank: Some guy? What's his name? Okay, what? What did he look like?

Cara: I don't know. He looked pretty normal. You know, white. I think his hair was lightish brown. He had really blue eyes. They were really, really blue.

Hank: Yeah, yeah, yeah, dreamy. Okay, what else? Piercings, jewelry, distinctive articles of clothing. Come on. Come on. Listen to me. It's real important that I find the person that had these drugs. So if you can remember anything else. Come on, think. Come on, now. Come on.

Cara: He drove an RV.

Hank: Okay, good, good. What can you remember? What kind of RV? What color? Did you spot a license plate?

Cara: I don't know the kinds and I didn't see the license. But the color was, I think, white, brownish color. I'm sorry. I know I'm not helping you but, please, don't tell my dad.

Hank: Cara. Please, tell me that that camera works.

Scene: Parking Lot

Hank: Damn it. Bingo.

Scene: White Residence

Walter Junior: These eggs are good, Mom.

Skyler: Thanks.

Walter Junior: Hey, you know what's weird? Dad's website. It's been three days since the last donation.

Walt: Yeah, well, people lose interest.

Walter Junior: So how long are you off for?

Walt: A few weeks. I'll play it by ear. I probably pushed it, you know, going back to work too soon.

Walter Junior: Think I can get a ride today? Louis has a doctor's appointment.

Walt: Yeah.

Walter Junior: Hey, so, Dad can babysit now, right? You won't have to take Holly to work every day.

Skyler: Sometime, maybe. Yeah, we'll see.

Scene: Alley

Jesse: What's up? I think you'll seriously enjoy, yo. Wait. No, no. No way. Hey! Hey! Hey. What the hell? This is only half.

Victor: That's right. It's your half.

Jesse: Yo, where's the other half, bitch?

Scene: Merkert’s Office

Hank: I mean, the whole thing was crazy. Poor bastard. I felt sorry for him. I think he actually thought we were the cable guys, you know. Anyway, sorry about those missed calls, chief. I'm changing providers. It won't happen again.

Merkert: Are you going to El Paso, Hank?

Hank: Hell, yes. With pointy boots and bells on. Got this break in the Heisenberg case.

Merkert: The blue meth, you mean? The teenth?

Hank: Yeah, well, that teenth got things rolling. I traced it to a gas station in Cibola. That's where I got these. The station's closed-circuit was down. Surprise, surprise. But I was able to pull some of these snapshots off an ATM security camera. We always thought these guys might be camper-cooking. First off, your typical Class C motorhome is gonna grunt at least 5000 pounds of interior fixtures. Appliances, furniture, built-ins, See how high that suspension's riding? No way, no how, this thing's carrying that kind of weight. This thing has been cleared out and stripped down to its tight-and-curlies. For what? Blood bank? Maybe a bookmobile?

Merkert: There's no clear view of the plates.

Hank: Yeah, well, you can only get so lucky, right? But there's no front plate. Tells me it's likely New Mexico registration. I checked with the DMV. There are only 29 of these early-'80s Bounders registered in the state.

Merkert: Only 29?

Hank: Yeah. So I gotta go, you know, knock on some doors.

Merkert: They need you in El Paso, Hank.

Hank: You bet. I'm just gonna wrap up this Heisenberg thing first.

Merkert: You're refusing the assignment.

Hank: I'm not. I'll go. It's just I need some more time.

Merkert: You're not hearing me, Agent Schrader. You're out of time. Are you going to El Paso now, tonight? It's a simple yes or no.

Hank: No. I can't. But that's only because I'm really close to something big here.

Merkert: Better get to it, then.

Scene: Walt’s Car

Radio: This is KEC A 480, Albuquerque's news radio. KEC A news time, 10:13. Our top story this hour, Donald Margolis the air-traffic controller criticized for his role in the recent air disaster in which 167 persons died was rushed to an area hospital early this morning apparently the victim of a self-inflicted g*n*t wound. Police won't say whether or not…

[Episode 5]
Scene: Flashback to Pilot

Walt: I am awake.

Jesse: You are not how I remember you from class. I mean, like, not at all. Dude, this isn't even 7 grand, all right? My guy wants 85.

Walt: This is all the money I have in the world. You are a drug dealer. Negotiate. Buy the RV. We start tomorrow.

Scene: Strip Club

Jesse: Work it, work it, baby.

Skinny Pete: Yo, this is sick, brother.

Jesse: Totally. God.

Combo: Yo, Jesse, I got these two fine ladies who wanna participate. You got the funds?

Jesse: Oh, I got the funds. Hey. Would you ladies like to meet my fat stack? Get in here. Come on. Hey, yo, yo. Yo, you got champagne? None of that cheap stuff. I want the expensive shit. Don Perignon.

Waitress: It's 400 a bottle.

Jesse: Oh, well, in that case, I'll only have two. Oh, and I want the tall, skinny glasses. I like those skinny glasses! That's what James Bond drinks. Mofos, I'm all about that.

Combo: Yo, Jesse, man, I gotta ask. Where did you get all the cheddar?

Skinny Pete: Must be moving mad volume.

Jesse: It's funny. You wanna know what's funny?

Combo: What's funny?

Jesse: This old dude, he gave it to me.

Skinny Pete: What?

Jesse: He gave it to me. It's his entire life savings.

Combo: What? Why?

Jesse: Because he's a dumb-ass. That's why. Oh, God. Yes! All right, living large, players. Thank you. Yo, thank you. Thank you.

Scene: Parking Lot

Skinny Pete: That was…*throws up* Awesome, bro. Later.

Jesse: Oh, man. Oh, I'm so d*ad. I only got…Oh, damn. I only got, like, 1400.

Combo: Waffle House? Yeah.

Jesse: No, man. Supposed to use that dude's money to buy an RV.

Combo: What do you want with a RV for?

Jesse: Because, like because, like never mind. Jesus. Now I gotta, like, leave town or change my identity or something. Guy's blackmailing me. He's got, like, a criminal mind, yo.

Combo: RV, yeah? I can hook you up, bro. I can totally get you an RV.

Jesse: No, I need it today. Now.

Combo: No problem. Let's go.

Jesse: You're telling me you can get me an RV? For 1400, at 6 in the morning?

Scene: Combo’s House

Jesse: Right on. So do I need to sign something?

Combo: No, it's, like, a no-paperwork-type deal. Pleasure doing business with you. Come on, we gotta bounce.

Jesse: What?

Combo: For real, yo. Get it out of here.

Scene: Ted’s House

Skyler: Oh, my God, I love this floor. This feels fantastic. Can you control the temperature?

Ted: Yeah. There should be a switch right next to you there. It's a thermostat.

Skyler: Ted, this has gotta be the most amazing invention ever.

Ted: I know. Contractor talked me into it. Seemed kind of extravagant, but I gotta tell you, once you try it, you can't go back.

Skyler: I can never find anything in this Buick.

Ted: You know, you could leave a few things here if you want.

Scene: White Residence

Skyler: Why don't you go get your dad?

Walter Junior: Sure. Hey, Dad. Dad?

Walt: Yeah.

Walter Junior: Mom's asking. Wanna come to dinner?

Walt: Yeah, I'll be right there. You're not listening to me. I don't know.

Jesse: Yeah, right, like you don't know.

Walt: What did I just say?

Saul: Give me the phone. Give it.

Jesse: Like you didn't make some deal behind my back.

Walt: Correct. I did not. I was sitting at a stoplight minding my own business, when the man, the kid, threw a bag of money through my window.

Jesse: Whatever, man. You owe me that money.

Saul: Let me talk to him.

Walt: I owe you? I owe you nothing. And I will get to the bottom of this. Trust me.

Jesse: Trust you? Trust you? That's a good one. Yeah, that's what I'm gonna do.

Walt: You wanna talk about trust, Jesse? Let's talk about trust. I told you not to cook my formula, and you went ahead and did it anyway.

Jesse: Because I never said I wouldn't cook it because it ain't yours. It's ours. Plural, bitch!

Walt: You did not have my permission.

Jesse: All I know is I got half the money I'm due and you got the rest.

Saul: Escalating. You're escalating.

Jesse: You know what? Escalate this. My meth, my money! I will be a one-man glass factory. I will rock that RV 24…

Scene: Trailer Park

Hank: It's buttoned up tight. Can't see a damn thing.

Steve: I ain't feeling it. No smoke, no smell, no waste. There's no cook.

Hank: Could be they're setting up. I heard movement inside.

Steve: I say we call it a night, come back with a search warrant.

Hank: I'm not letting this sucker out of my sight. There's gotta be a way. There's gotta be a way. There's gotta be a way…

Steve: Hey, hey, hey. What are you doing?

Guy: No, no, no. What the hell are you doing up there? Are you some kind of a pervert?

Hank: Sorry. I appreciate Going after the bad guys. I'm sorry and enjoy the rest of your vacation. Okay? Go back to your trailers. Everything's okay. Guy's VFW. He's cool. We're gonna check out a couple more and call it a morning. Okay, what do you say?

Steve: Can't. Gotta get home.

Hank: Why, you leave your balls in your wife's purse or what?

Steve: Gotta pack.

Hank: Where you headed?

Steve: Texas.

Scene: Hank & Marie’s House

Marie: Hey there. Hank? Hank? Can I come in?

Hank: Hey, babe.

Marie: Hey. How did it go last night?

Hank: Good.

Marie: Catch the bad guys?

Hank: Nope.

Marie: Want me to make you some breakfast?

Hank: No. I'm heading back out after this.

Marie: Now? You worked all night. Get some sleep, Hank. Those RVs aren't going anywhere.

Hank: They're recreational vehicles, Marie. That's what they do.

Marie: You know what I mean. I spoke with Blanca. She said that Steve's going to El Paso?

Hank: Yeah.

Marie: I was just wondering how you feel about that.

Hank: I turned it down. End of story.

Marie: Good. Good. Jesus, God knows I'm relieved.

Hank: I needed some time here because I'm deep into this investigation and couldn't do both so I made a judgment call.

Marie: You know that you can talk to me about things, right? You don't have to go through this alone.

Hank: Do you ask me which lead bib to put on someone before you nuke them? Jesus, Marie. I made a decision. I'm not going through anything. Doing my job.

Marie: I would like…

Hank: I know. I know. A condo in Georgetown. I know.

Marie: If you would let me finish, I was going to say I'd like to be included. That's all.

Hank: Don't you worry about my career. My career is just fine.

Marie: Did you not wanna go? I don't blame you. I just…

Hank: Aren't you late for work or something?

Marie: After what happened it would make perfect sense for you to not wanna go back.

Hank: I'm onto some important stuff right here, right now. And Mexico doesn't have a damn thing to do with it. Anyone who doubts that, I mean, I'm doing some actual good out here and all I get are these bullshit accusations! What, everyone thinks I'm jerking off on this thing? Fine. But I'm onto something. I know it. You understand me? You hear me?

Scene: Chicken Farm

Walt: What exactly is this? I'll tell you what I think it is. A ploy. A ploy to get me cooking again. And an obvious one at that.

Gus: How do you mean?

Walt: As if I would seriously believe you would hire an addict. Jesse Pinkman? Recovering or not.

Gus: You vouched for him previously. I took you at your word.

Walt: No. No, no, no. Let me be clear. Let me be perfectly clear. Jesse was capable of working under my supervision. Trusting him with a solo venture well, that's quite another matter. How he could possibly produce anything other than a mediocre product at best.

Gus: I am told his product was more or less consistent with the quality I had come to expect.

Walt: More or less? More or less? Really? Boy, that is the…talk about setting the bar low. Except you don't do that, set the bar low. Therefore, what conclusion am I left to draw? That you believe I have some proprietary kind of selfishness about my own formula. Some sort of overweening pride, I suppose that you think simply overwhelms me, clouds my judgment. But it doesn't. Absolutely not. I simply respect the chemistry. The chemistry must be respected.

Gus: I apologize for being so transparent. Would you take a drive with me? I'd like to show you something.

Scene: Inside Skyler’s Car on Ted’s Street

Skyler: Hi. Is everything okay?

Marie: She's already finished an entire bottle, but she still seemed hungry. Then she fell asleep. But I was thinking I'd give her another when she wakes up.

Skyler: Yeah, yeah, absolutely, absolutely. Fatten that baby up.

Marie: Will do.

Skyler: Was that it?

Marie: So where are you? Are you at work?

Skyler: Yeah. Yeah, I'm at work. I shouldn't be much longer. Is that okay?

Marie: You know I love my little pookums. You can leave her with me for the next 18 years as far as I'm concerned.

Skyler: Great. Thanks, Marie. Are you sure you're okay? Sweetie, what is it? Come on.

Marie: It's Hank.

Skyler: Hank? What about him?

Marie: I don't know how to talk to him. I don't know what to say to him anymore. I don't know how to…ever since El Paso, ever since. Maybe before.

Skyler: Yeah. God knows he went through a lot down there.

Marie: People blown up right in front of him, blood everywhere and last week, El Paso said they want him back.

Skyler: Yeah?

Marie: He's not going. Steve Gomez is going in his place and I don't know how I feel about that.

Skyler: Well, he's certainly a lot safer up here, isn't he?

Marie: Of course, and I want him safe. But I can't tell what he wants. He won't talk to me. He hardly even comes home. He works all day, all night. Barely eats, barely speaks to me. It's like something's eating him away from inside. He's just not the same. He's not. Facing death, it changes a person. It has to, don't you think? I guess you've noticed a change in Walt.

Scene: Laundry

Gus: Please.

Walt: What is this?

Gus: Your new lab.

Walt: My God. Thorium oxide for a catalyst bed. Look at the size of this reaction vessel. Oh, it's gotta be 1200 liters. Where? Where? How did you know how to put this all together?

Gus: I had excellent help, as will you. Quite a lot of planning went into this.

Walt: I would say so.

Gus: The laundry upstairs, I've owned it for years. It receives large chemical deliveries on a weekly basis, detergents and such. There is nothing suspicious about it and my employees, to be sure, are well-trained, trustworthy. The filtration system is state of the art. It will vent nothing but clean, odorless steam just as the laundry does and through the very same stacks. I need 200 pounds per week to make this economically viable. You would choose your own hours, of course come and go as you please so long as the quota is met.

Walt: Sorry. The answer is still no. I have made a series of very bad decisions and I cannot make another one.

Gus: Why did you make these decisions?

Walt: For the good of my family.

Gus: Then they weren't bad decisions. What does a man do, Walter? A man provides for his family.

Walt: This cost me my family.

Gus: When you have children, you always have family. They will always be your priority, your responsibility. And a man, a man provides. And he does it even when he's not appreciated or respected or even loved. He simply bears up, and he does it because he's a man.

Scene: Ted’s House

Ted: Any chance we could grab a quick bite? The Thai place around the corner's pretty good.

Skyler: I really gotta head home.

Ted: All right, rain check, then.

Scene: White Residence

Walter Junior: Great dinner, Mom. Can I be excused?

Skyler: To do homework or to play video games?

Walter Junior: I can multitask.

Skyler: Yeah. You wanna take her?

Walt: Yeah.

Scene: DEA

Hank: Give me something, Andy. Come on. Welded onto the back of a house. Well, that's classy. Christ. Okay. Okay, thanks. Hey, Janice. Janice. That the last one?

Janice: Sorry, Hank. That's all DMV had. Twenty nine early '80s Bounders registered in New Mexico.

Hank: Could you check again?

Janice: Now? Can I do it after the party?

Hank: Janice, I'm d*ad in the water here.

Janice: Okay, I'll check.

Hank: Hey, how are you guys doing?

Steve: Oh, yeah, I'm gonna clean it really good, I tell you. All good.

Hank: Gomey. Yeah. Time for the little bird to fly the nest, huh? The right guy for the job since the bean-speak comes natural and all.

Steve: Wanna know how to say "get bent" in Spanish?

Hank: Just don't go native on me, all right? Hey. Here. Know your enemy and all. Fight the good fight, brother.

Steve: I will. Who got a drink around here?

Janice: Your hunch was right. One more RV. DMV said the registration wasn't renewed but then they realized it was never filed as non-operational or destroyed. No police report, either.

Scene: Lawyer’s Office

Skyler: I just don't know what the hell I'm doing anymore, you know? It's like I'm paralyzed like if I take a step in any direction I'm gonna make a spectacular mistake. God, I could go for a glass of wine about now. You wanna go to? Sorry, never mind. Anyway breaking news is I am sleeping with my boss and I don't know why. Yep. That's a lie. I do know why. I mean, he's a lovely guy. He's a really good person but, I mean, it's not like we're ever gonna…Somehow, and I can't actually believe it but my entire family sees me as some sort of…My own sister, my brother-in-law. My teenage son tells me I'm a bitch. And you say tell him the truth. Tell him about his father but I can't. Ever. How could I? And this man that I'm seeing, you know as wrong as I know it is as much as I know I'm probably doing it to make Walt leave me it is the only thing in my day where I don't feel like I'm drowning.

Lawyer: So he knows about this other man?

Skyler: Yeah.

Lawyer: So then he'll sign?

Skyler: Walt says he's not going anywhere so that's a really brilliant gambit on my part. Yep. Genius. He keeps money in the house.

Lawyer: Your husband, the drug dealer? How much money?

Skyler: I didn't count it. It's heavy. A bag, where he keeps it.

Lawyer: Are you asking my permission to spend this money?

Skyler: No. God, no. I just, no, I'm just, you know I'm just trying to just talk it through.

Lawyer: Let me just say that I'm half as qualified and twice the price of a therapist. There is nothing to discuss here.

Skyler: I'm just saying, you know? We have a history. He's the father of my children and maybe what he did…

Lawyer: He did it for the family. Right? Well, guess what. That is one enormous load of horse shit. Okay. I'm going to spell this out as simply as I can for you. You are a fool to stay in that house one minute longer. If your husband won't leave, then you go. You are now an accessory after the fact. You are culpable. You, your children, you could lose everything you own. Do you understand? All courtesy of this criminal you refuse to divorce.

Skyler: I didn't marry a criminal.

Lawyer: Well, you're married to one now.

Scene: Saul’s Office

Saul: How's about we run through this one more time especially where I do the talking, you don't say jack?

Jesse: Oh, I'm gonna say jack. I'm gonna say plenty.

Saul: What did we say about escalating, huh? Who's got your back here? Me, all right? I'm going to take care of things. Hey, what are the parameters of this sobriety thing you got going?

Jesse: What do you mean?

Saul: Can you take a Xanax? Because I got a drawer full of them. I get them from my "chiropractor." Vietnamese, 5-foot tall. She adjusts you to "completion." Her name's Kim Nu Suong. As delicious as it sounds. I should give you her card.

Jesse: Hell with this. I'm out of here.

Francesca: He's here.

Saul: Send him in. Hello, Walt. Good to see you. Please, have a seat here. Mr. Pinkman, if you will.

Jesse: You're late.

Saul: Gentlemen, if we could come to some accommodation here now. There's always a way to oil everyone's lock. This young man is prepared to offer you a sweetheart of a deal for doing precisely nothing.

Walt: Really?

Saul: Ten percent of all future profits from his solo venture. That's money you get paid for walking down to the mailbox. Consider it a gesture of respect for your valuable contribution to the business thus far. I'm sure you'll agree that's fair.

Jesse: That's charity, is what that is. I do all the work. He sits around on his fat ass judging people.

Saul: Escalating. Stop. So there's that, but then there's one small detail. Clearly a mistake was made on the part of our mutual associate when he paid you half of Jesse's earnings. He must not have realized that you two had come to a parting of the ways.

Walt: Take it. It belongs to you.

Jesse: You're damn right it belongs to me.

Saul: I knew I could count on you boys to play nice. That almost brings a tear to my eye.

Walt: Enjoy it. Spend it in good health. That is the last money you'll ever earn in this business.

Jesse: What the hell is that supposed to mean?

Walt: Well, I hate to break it to you, Jesse, but our mutual associate was only using you to get to me.

Jesse: What are you talking about?

Walt: See, he needs someone with expertise. Someone who knows what he's doing. In other words, he needs me.

Jesse: You're telling me you're cooking again?

Walt: Yeah. Let's see, how should I put this? I'm in. You're out.

Saul: Walt, hold on there. What was the offer, if I may ask?

Walt: It's three million for three months of my time.

Saul: You're gonna need that money laundered. I mean, of course. What was our deal before? Seventeen percent. That's a shade high. Let's settle on an even 15. That's a nice round number.

Walt: Five percent.

Saul: Fourteen's fair.

Walt: Five.

Saul: Thirteen.

Walt: Five.

Saul: Twelve. For old times' sake, 12.

Walt: Five.

Saul: I'm a reasonable guy. It's a short-term deal. Ten even, but I can't go any lower and still respect myself. Five.

Jesse: What in the hell just happened? You're my lawyer, not his!

Saul: That's the way of the world, kid. Go with the winner.

Jesse: You think this will stop me from cooking?

Walt: Cook whatever you like. As long as it's that ridiculous Chili P or some other dreck but don't even think about using my formula.

Jesse: Just try and stop me, bitch.

Scene: Combo’s House

Mrs. Ortega: Yes?

Hank: Hi there, Mrs. Ortega?

Mrs. Ortega: Yes.

Hank: Hi, I'm Hank Schrader. I'm with the Drug Enforcement Administration. We're interested in an RV that's registered to your name and address. Do you have an RV?

Mrs. Ortega: I did. It was stolen months ago.

Hank: Stolen, huh? Yeah. Well, then I'm curious as to why the theft was never reported. I'm not seeing any records of it with the police or the DMV.

Mrs. Ortega: I just didn't get around to it.

Hank: May I ask why? I mean, it's a great way to get the family together for an affordable vacation. It must've been a blow when it went missing.

Mrs. Ortega: It was.

Hank: Do you have any ideas at all who might've taken it?

Mrs. Ortega: I didn't want him arrested. He ran with a bad crowd, but he was never a bad person. I thought he could turn his life around.

Hank: Who are we talking about, Mrs. Ortega?

Mrs. Ortega: My son.

Hank: I'd really like to speak with him.

Mrs. Ortega: He's passed away. He was sh*t two months ago.

Hank: What was your son's name?

Mrs. Ortega: Christian.

Hank: Christian Ortega. Was his nickname Combo?

Scene: Combo’s Bedroom

Hank: Thanks for this. I really appreciate it.

[Episode 6]
Scene: Mexico Border

Janet: KDK-12, come in. KDK-12. KDK-12. Hey, Bobby, need you to look in on Mrs. Peyketewa.

Bobby: She all right?

Janet: Her daughter called from California. She hasn't heard from her in a while, kind of worried.

Bobby: Will do.

Scene: Miss Peyketewa’s House

Bobby: Miss Peyketewa, hello? Miss Peyketewa? Miss Peyketewa? KDK-12 here. Janet, Jesus, we got a homicide.

Janet: Come again?

Bobby: Miss Peyketewa, she's d*ad! I need some backup out here.

Janet: Okay. On their way.

Bobby: Whoever's in there, show yourself right now! Hold it right there. Let me see your hands. Hands! All right, down. On your knees. You understand me? Do you speak English? I said, down. On your knees. Down! Damn it, get down. On your knees. Do it. On your knees or I'll f*re!

Scene: Condo

Walt: Yeah?

Skyler: I found the papers. Right where you left them, in the crib.

Walt: Yeah, well you know best, right? Anything else?

Skyler: Do you have any thought about how we're going to approach this with Walter Jr?

Walt: Well, he's still my son. I mean, he will remain…

Skyler: Of course. My point being the divorce.

Walt: Well, I think he gets it, don't you? I mean, I think he saw it coming. He sees your unhappiness and…

Skyler: My unhappiness? My completely out-of-the-clear blue-sky unhappiness? Really?

Walt: Look, as you said, for the best.

Skyler: Yeah. Okay. Last thing and then I'll let you go. In the child support worksheet, you list medical, dental child care, transportation, housing, education, food, clothing.

Walt: That's right, all of it.

Skyler: Walt. No.

Walt: Skyler, you wanted me out, I'm out. But I will provide for my family.

Skyler: Not with that money. You'd be making us accessories after the fact.

Walt: How do you think we've been paying our bills these last six months? I have to go.

Realtor: Yep, I was right. Three units available, exact same floor plan. I can call over, get you in to see any of the others.

Walt: No, no, this one's fine. I'll take it.

Realtor: Now, unfortunately, this one is the model, so…

Walt: Yeah, I like it. I like everything about it. I'll take it as-is. Name one thing in this world that is not negotiable.

Scene: Jesse’s House

Badger: Yo, for real? This is all you?

Jesse: All me.

Skinny Pete: Heisenberg who? That's what I say. My man Jesse can cook. Check it, yo. It ain't cloudy or dirty or nothing. Just the right shade of blue.

Badger: Good shade. Check out that crystal size.

Skinny Pete: If that bitch was any bigger it would be a Jolly Rancher.

Jesse: Be my guest.

Badger: You sure? I feel kind of dickish with you being in rehab and all.

Jesse: No. I can watch, yo. I can cook and I can watch.

Skinny Pete: Go for it. I tried it last week. I'm still coming down.

Jesse: Go easy.

Badger: Okay. Riverdance!

Jesse: Hey, hey, stop marking up my floor, dumb-ass. Come on.

Badger: Bow before me! I am Lord of the Dance! Shit. I gotta try that again.

Jesse: Yeah, no, I think you're good.

Badger: That is awesome, Jesse! I feel like somebody took my brain out and boiled it in, like, boiling hot…

Skinny Pete: It's the b*mb, man, seriously.

Badger: Like anthr*x.

Jesse: Good. So you ready to talk some business?

Skinny Pete: You mean this is not, like, just recreational?

Jesse: I know what you're thinking. Trust me, it's not gonna be like it was. All right, never gonna be like it was.

Badger: How's that?

Jesse: We sell it safe. All right? We sell it smart. We don't get greedy, like before.

Skinny Pete: I don't know, man. Combo and all.

Badger: Still man's gotta make his living. If it's like Jesse says and we're not greedy I mean I guess I can see it.

Skinny Pete: Had a good thing going before we started pushing our luck. If it can go back to being like that…

Jesse: Hey, it will be. Step one, we build inventory. Badger, go see Clovis. Get the RV in shape, tune-up, oil change, brake lights, and whatnot. Cops always pull you over for brake lights. Not us. Cautious.

Badger: Right on. You got it.

Jesse: You know that buzzer thing? Leave the key in the ignition, it buzzes? Just have him put in one of those too. Skinny, you're in charge of supplies. I'll get you a list.

Skinny Pete: Right on.

Jesse: Yeah?

Badger: Yeah.

Scene: Outside Jesse’s House/Hank’s Car

Jesse: All right. So we good?

Badger: Yeah.

Jesse: Good? All right. Let's do this thing.

Hank: Brandon Mayhew. I know you. Small world, Albuquerque.

Scene: Walt’s Car

Walt: Wanna talk about it?

Walter Jr: Why? It's not like I get a vote.

Walt: You know, ironically I think you're gonna see much more of me from now on.

Walter Jr: Sure.

Walt: Well, just as much of me at least. I'm taking you to the school, to and from, every day.

Walter Jr: What, I don't get a vote in this either? I gotta stop going with Louis just because you're feeling guilty?

Walt: I do feel guilty. I am the man that I am, son and there's plenty that I would change about that, but here we are, and this is just what it is. You know what? Call me crazy but I'm actually feeling very good about the future.

Scene: Los Pollos Hermanos

Gus: Morning.

Cynthia: They're back. I'm wondering if we should maybe call the police or something.

Gus: Why? They're doing nothing wrong. Okay, let's put this on Table 33, okay?

Scene: Lab

Gale: Hello there. Mr. White, I presume?

Walt: Oh, yes. Hi. Sorry. I'll be right down.

Gale: Hi. Gale Boetticher.

Walt: Hi. You're my new lab assistant, I take it.

Gale: Yes, I am. I suppose you'll wanna hear my qualifications. I have my resume here for you. I received my bachelor's degree from UNM. My master's from the University of Colorado. Organic chemistry with a speciality in…It's all right there.

Walt: "X-ray crystallography." Really? I could talk about that for hours.

Gale: I would love to.

Walt: But first, I'm curious about this.

Gale: That's a little pet project of mine. See, in my opinion, it's all about the quinic acid level. You want just north of 4800 milligrams per liter but if you over-boil to get there, you'll leach your tannins. Bitterness, yuck. So I pull a mild vacuum. That way, I can keep the temperature no higher than 92 degrees celsius and…judge for yourself.

Walt: Oh, my God. My God, that is the best coffee I've ever tasted.

Gale: Sumatran beans and I also have to give credit to the grind but thank you, Mr. White.

Walt: Walt. Please, call me Walt. Why the hell are we making meth?

Gale: Hey. Tell me with the phenylacetic acid solution you said 150 drops per minute for the first 10 minutes and then 90 for the remainder. Why is that?

Walt: Well, my thinking is, by tapering the phenyl you get an oilier aqueous layer, and hence…

Gale: Better benzene extraction.

Walt: Exactly. But actually, I prefer ether.

Gale: Oh, I'll have it for tomorrow.

Walt: Gale, I'm wondering how you…

Gale: Ended up here?

Walt: Well, actually, I'm still wondering how I ended up here, but, yes. I mean, I can't imagine we strike each other as criminals.

Gale: Well, there's crime and then there's crime I suppose. I'm definitely a libertarian. Consenting adults want what they want and if I'm not supplying it, they will get it somewhere else. With me, they're getting exactly what they pay for. No added toxins or adulterants. Yeah, I was doing it the way you are supposed to pursuing my doctorate at Colorado, NSF research grant. I was on my way, jumping through hoops, kissing the proper behinds, attending to all the non-chemistry that one finds oneself occupied by. You know that world. That is not what I signed on for. I love the lab. Because it's all still magic. You know? Chemistry? I mean once you lose that…

Walt: It is. It is magic. It still is.

Gale: And all the while, I kept thinking about that great old Whitman poem: "When I Heard the Learn'd Astronomer."

Walt: I don't know it.

Gale: Anyway…

Walt: Well, can you recite it?

Gale: Pathetically enough, I could.

Walt: All right, well. No, no, come on. Come on. Yeah?

Gale: “When I heard the learn'd astronomer. When the proofs, the figures. Were ranged in columns before me. When I was shown the charts. And the diagrams. To add, divide, and measure them. When I, sitting, heard the astronomer. Where he lectured with much applause in the lecture-room. How soon, unaccountable I became tired and sick. Till rising and gliding out I wander'd off by myself. In the mystical moist night-air. And from time to time. Look'd up in perfect silence. At the stars.” Yes. I am a nerd.

Walt: Bravo.

Gale: Thank you.

Scene: Hank’s Car

Hank: Come on, Pinkman. You little rat bastard. Get off your lazy ass and go break the law. Hey, baby.

Marie: Are you ever coming home?

Hank: Marie, I'm working.

Marie: Did you find it? The RV?

Hank: No. Working on it, so…

Marie: Why can't you just arrest him, make him tell you?

Hank: It's not simple. There's a thing called the Constitution.

Marie: Constitution, blah, blah, blah.

Hank: This kid, I swear to God, I wish I just could…

Marie: This is that Pinkman character?

Hank: That's the one. Positive the little bastard's got an RV. I just don't know where he keeps it. Until he actually leads me to it or does something I'm stuck here, Marie, so sorry.

Marie: Well, not to bring up ancient history but I, for one, can think of someone who might know something. Possibly. It's worth a sh*t.

Hank: Yeah? Who?

Scene: Walt’s Condo

Walt: Hello?

Hank: Oh, hey, buddy. Hey, how you doing?

Walt: Oh, hey, Hank. What's up?

Hank: Listen, I hate to bother you. I just had a quick question.

Walt: sh**t.

Hank: I only ask this because I'm at a, you know, d*ad end here, potentially. I'm working a case and you know that I would never put you on the spot or make you uncomfortable.

Walt: Hank, you could just cut to the chase.

Hank: Back when we lost you and I was trying to track you down through your student, Jesse Pinkman. Now, you know that I know that once upon a time he may have dealt you a little weed.

Walt: Hank.

Hank: Just a little. And I so do not care about that. As far as I'm concerned, you never inhaled. Like you said, cut to the chase. Do you remember if this Pinkman kid ever had an RV? You know, a recreational vehicle you know, like a Winnebago-type deal, brown and beige?

Walt: Why?

Hank: Long story, but I'm personally of the opinion he's moved on from weed and graduated to selling crystal meth, using it as a rolling lab. Walt?
Scene: Jesse’s House

Jesse: Yo. What, Mr. White?

Scene: Saul’s Office

Saul: How's my favorite genius?

Walt: Is this a secure line?

Saul: Is this a secure-yes, what's with the-hey, hello to you too.

Walt: Listen, we've got a problem, a DEA problem.

Saul: I'm listening.

Walt: My brother-in-law. He knows about the RV.

Saul: What RV?

Walt: Our RV, the one which contains a meth lab, which is covered with my fingerprints.

Saul: What does "knows about" mean? Does he have it? Has he searched it?

Walt: No, he knows it exists and he's trying to find it. He has linked it to Jesse. It's a matter of time before he tracks it down.

Saul: So get rid of it! What are you doing sitting there? Better yet, have Pinkman get rid of it. Right? You don't go near it.

Walt: My brother-in-law, he is surveilling Jesse's house. So he might have tapped the phones or bugged his house.

Saul: Jesus. Plan A, then. Go. Get to it before the feds do.

Walt: And do what exactly? I mean, what? The thing is the size of a…it's RV-size! I mean, where do I go to make an RV disappear? I'm not David Copperfield.

Saul: What do I look like, the RV disposal people? Did you not plan for this contingency?

Walt: No.

Saul: Well, next time, plan for it, would you? The Starship Enterprise had a self-destruct button.

Walt: Okay. Shut up.

Scene: Car Lot

Badger: I'm just saying, you're good with tools and all. Why don't you invent a water-powered car, you know? You did that, you would be rolling in it.

Clovis: Socket wrench. The big one.

Badger: What? You scared of the Arabs?

Walt: You out of your minds? Why is this in the open?

Clovis: Who the hell are you?

Badger: He's Heisenberg.

Walt: Is this drivable?

Clovis: Yeah. I was changing the oil.

Walt: Finish it. We'll wipe it clean, take it out to the desert. Come on, help me.

Clovis: Hold up. What's this about?

Walt: The DEA, the Drug Enforcement Administration. You've heard of them, right? I know you have. They know all about this RV and they're trying to find it right now.

Clovis: I want this off my property now.

Walt: No, no, we have got to destroy the evidence. We've gotta rig this thing to burn.

Clovis: Not here. Get it out of here.

Walt: Now, listen to me. I need your help, okay? If I go down, we all go down. Do you understand?

Clovis: All right, just, I know a way. I know a guy that'll wipe this off the planet, no questions.

Walt: Call him.

Badger: Hey, what about Jesse?

Walt: What about him?

Badger: Hey, it's me. Wanna hear something weird?

Scene: Outside Jesse’s House
Jesse: Now, listen to me. You get that address. Now, Badger, I don't care how. You find out where he's taking it!

Hank: Oh, yeah.

Scene: Los Pollos Hermanos

Customer: Excuse me. Are you leaving?

Cynthia: Excuse me, gentlemen, these booths are for paying customers only.

Gus: Cynthia, it's okay. I'll handle this. What can I do for you?

Marco: You know.

Gus: Sunset.

Scene: Car Lot

Walt: Ninety-six, 97, 98, 99, 100. Beyond recovery, right?

Old Joe: Beyond recovery means beyond recovery. Obliterated, no evidence. Hey, don't worry. When we're through with it, it's gonna be about yay big. Then we flatbed it over to Long Beach, ship it across the Pacific. Chinese turn it into patio furniture so mind at ease.

Walt: Listen, can you do me a favor? I'm obviously gonna need a ride. Could you call a cab?

Old Joe: You got it. Pleasure doing business.

Walt: Thank you. I'll be right behind you. I just need to…

Jesse: The hell you think you're doing?

Walt: Me?

Jesse: No, this is mine just as much as yours! You don't get to just-

Walt: Oh, God.

Jesse: What? What?

Walt: He's here.

Jesse: Who's here?

Walt: Oh, no. Oh, God. Oh, God. You led him right to us.

Jesse: Shit. Shit.

Hank: Mr. Pinkman, you wanna add resisting arrest? We'll add it. No skin off my ass. Last chance to do it the easy way.

Old Joe: Got a warrant?

Hank: Who are you, huh? Who are you and what do you know about this RV?

Old Joe: Well, I'm the owner of this lot which means you're trespassing on private property. As far as the RV goes, seems to me it's locked which means you're trying to break and enter, so again, you got a warrant?

Hank: Well, I don't need one if I've got probable cause, counselor.

Old Joe: Probable cause usually relates to vehicles, is my understanding. You know, traffic stops and whatnot.

Hank: See these round rubber things? Those are wheels. This is a vehicle.

Old Joe: This is a domicile, a residence protected by the Fourth Amendment from unlawful search and seizure.

Hank: Why don't you just go out-

Old Joe: Did you see this drive? How do you know it runs? Did you actually witness any wrongdoing? It seems to me you're just out here fishing. Don't see that holding up in a court of law.

Hank: Oh, yeah? Look at these. What do those look like to you? They sure look like b*llet holes to me. There was a firearm discharged inside of this domicile. There's a judge or two out there who'd see that as probable cause.

Walt: How could you have known they were there before you took off the tape?

Jesse: What?

Walt: How could you have known they were there before you took off the tape? Say it. Say it.

Jesse: How could you have known they were there before you took off the tape?

Old Joe: That's right. Probable cause needs to be readily apparent. There's somebody in there.

Walt: This is my own private domicile and I won't be harassed.

Hank: I'll give you three seconds to get your ass out here. One, two…

Jesse: This is my own private domicile and I will not be harassed! Bitch!

Hank: Fine. You want your warrant? I'll have my guys bring it and deliver it on a little satin pillow. How's that? I waited this long. I'll wait a little longer. Hey, Vicky. Yeah, Schrader. Get me Merkert, will you?

Jesse: You know, I say I say we just ram him. All right? I mean, we start her up and just ram the shit out of his truck. We make our escape. Right? Yeah, he'd sh**t me in the head. Yeah, he'd sh**t me in the head. So, what do we do, man, huh? What do we-what? Please tell me you got something.

Walt: Yeah, I got something. It's me. We need your help.

Hank: Yeah?

Francesca: Is this Mr. Henry R. Schrader?

Hank: Yeah. Who's this?

Francesca: Sir, this is Officer Elaine Tanner with the Albuquerque police. Is your wife Marie Schrader?

Hank: Yes, why?

Francesca: I'm sorry to inform you your wife's been in an automobile accident. She's being airlifted to Los Ranchos Medical Center and should be arriving there shortly.

Hank: How is she? What's her condition?

Francesca: I don't have the current information. But I think you might wanna get there as soon as possible.

Scene: Saul’s Office

Francesca: You're gonna have to start paying me more.

Scene: Hospital

Hank: Marie?

Marie: I'm just checking in. I'd love to have some idea of whether I should cook dinner or not.

Hank: Are you okay?

Marie: Yeah. Why? Hank? What's up?

Scene: Desert

Gus: I told you before. You will not k*ll Walter White. Not until my business with him has concluded.

Marco: We've waited long enough. We won't wait any longer.

Gus: You'll have to. The decision is not yours to make. Explain to me, why this man White? He betrayed your cousin Tuco, yes. But he's not the one who m*rder him. Was there not another man who pulled the trigger?

Marco: A DEA agent. Bolsa says the DEA is off-limits.

Gus: North of the border is my territory. My say. As a show of respect I say yes. The agent's name is Hank Schrader. May his death satisfy you.

[Episode 7]
Scene: Flashback in Mexico

Hector: Why? Why is this still under discussion? I don't like him.I don't care who he knows. We're supposed to trust him with our products. Big man. Big Generalissimo! Big fry cook is more like it. “The Chicken Man.” You will do what you want. But you have my vote. Never trust a South American. Dirty, dirty people.

Leonel: He broke my toy! He broke my toy!

Hector: He was just having fun. You'll get over it.

Leonel: No! I hate him! I wish he was d*ad!

Hector: Marco. Grab your old uncle a beer, would you? No, no. A cold one. This is what you wanted. Your brother d*ad. Right? You're going to have to try harder than that if you want to save him. How much longer do you think he has down there? One minute? Maybe more? Maybe less? Family is all.

Scene: Jesse’s House

Jesse: Hey, you got nothing on me, yo. All right? You can call my lawyer, Saul Goodman. Talk to my lawyer, all right? You hear me? I got nothing to say. I told you, you can call my-Christ!

Hank: You got my cell phone number, my wife's name! How did you do it? Talk! Who you working with?!

Scene: Later at Jesse’s

Merkert: Yes, sir. If you're ready to talk they wanna get a statement. Your side of what happened here. Or we can hold them off till another time. Maybe you wanna talk to a lawyer.

Scene: Hospital Room

Saul: There it is. Yo, Adrian. Rocky called, he wants his face back. Come on, I gotta cheer you up. You see that? That's your get-out-of-jail-free card. You understand get-out-of-jail-free card? I mean, just blink once if you're following. The DEA's worst nightmare is that face out in public. They'll have to steer a wide berth of young Master Pinkman for fear of the PR poop storm that will rain down on them if this story ever gets out. I mean, this beating? Best thing for you. You're home free. Good, right? Right.

Walt: Oh, my God.

Saul: You're now the cute one of the group. Paul, meet Ringo. Ringo, Paul.

Walt: This is…Jesse, I'm so sorry for this. This should not have happened.

Jesse: But it did. No thanks to you.

Walt: But the plan did work. We would've been locked up right now if we didn't lure him away. But this, I just never saw this coming. So what? What happens now?

Jesse: What happens now? I'll tell you what happens now. Your scumbag brother-in-law is finished. Done. You understand? I will own him when this is over. Every cent he earns, every cent his wife earns is mine. Anyplace he goes, anywhere he turns, I'm gonna be there grabbing my share. He'll be scrubbing toilets in Tijuana for pennies and I'll be standing over him to get my cut. He'll see me when he wakes up and when he crawls to sleep in whatever rat hole is left for him after I shred his house down. I will haunt his crusty ass forever until the day he sticks a g*n up his mouth and pulls the trigger just to get me out of his head. That's what happens next.

Saul: My advice, that's probably not a good strategy. They're scared of you right now. They want nothing to do with you. But if you h*t them they're forced to h*t back hard. I mean, they will turn over every rock hither, thither and yon until someone spills the beans on you and anyone associated with you. Present company included.

Walt: Yes, I think what Saul is saying makes a lot of sense. Jesse, move on with your life. Leave it behind, all of it.

Jesse: Nothing changes once I walk out of here. I get myself a new RV and go start cooking again.

Walt: How exactly do you think you're going to get away with that? They will catch you.

Jesse: So what?

Walt: What?

Jesse: I have a get-out-of-jail-free card.

Saul: Hey, I may have overstated the power of your face.

Jesse: Not this. If the cops catch me I give them what they want the most. You. They nab me, I make a deal to give up the great Heisenberg and his million-dollar drug ring. You're my free pass…Bitch.

Scene: Empty Hospital Room

Saul: You're so sure.

Walt: Look, if he didn't give up my name while Hank was beating him he's never going to talk.

Saul: What do you think that was, a bluff? He wants your brother-in-law. And there's gonna be lawyers creaming their underoos for a case like that. I'd take it myself if it wouldn't cause so much collateral damage. And him cooking again? Hey, when, not if, he gets caught, and he's facing 20 years, what'll he do then? Believe me, there's no honor among thieves. Except for us, of course.

Walt: No, he'll come around.

Saul: And if he doesn't, there may come a time to talk options.

Walt: Options?

Scene: DEA

Hank: I'm convinced Mr. Pinkman was involved in the manufacture and distribution of phenyl-2 methamphetamine, specifically what we call the blue meth. I tracked him to a scrap yard where he stored an early-'80s camper. An RV. While waiting for a warrant to search this vehicle which I believe to be a rolling meth lab, I received a telephone call telling me my wife, Marie, had been injured in an accident. Upon hearing the news, I left Mr. Pinkman and his vehicle to tend to my wife. Arriving at the hospital, I learned the emergency call was a hoax. My wife, fortunately, was unharmed. So I immediately went back to the salvage yard, but the RV was gone. Most likely destroyed on site.

Agent: And it was at this point you drove to the home of Jesse Pinkman?

Lawyer: I think we're done here. Agent Schrader needs to get home, get some rest.

Agent: That's fine. But just to confirm, you're taking the Fifth here?

Hank: Yeah, that's correct.

Agent: Okay. Well we just wanna give you all a heads up. Mr. Pinkman is pressing charges in this matter. He's given a detailed version of events as he sees them.

Lawyer: The word of a meth head.

Agent: We know all about his history. We're well aware, but toxicology on Pinkman, his blood is clean, he's not using.

Other Agent: The kid is even refusing his doctor-ordered pain meds far as we can tell.

Hank: So where do we go from here?

Merkert: A couple of gentlemen from OPR will come down probably tomorrow morning. Janice will give us an exact time. And you men will be continuing your investigation, so. Thanks for your time.

Agent: Right. We just need one more thing. A photo of Agent Schrader's hands. For the record.

Other Agent: Yes, of course. Bandage off, if you would. On the table is fine. Flat on the table. That's fine.

Scene: Lobby

Marie: It's all gonna work out. You've been too good to them for too many years.

Hank: I hope it goes without saying we're not talking to anybody about this, okay?

Marie: Okay.

Hank: Marie who?

Scene: Walt’s House

Walt: Hi.

Skyler: Do you have a minute?

Walt: Sure.

Skyler: I guess crime does pay.

Walt: I don't suppose you just came by to insult me.

Skyler: No. We need to talk. You heard about Hank? About what happened with this Jesse Pinkman?

Walt: Yes, I know.

Skyler: Whatever Hank was investigating him trying to find an RV is there any danger that could lead back to you?

Walt: No. Why would it? Is this why you're here?

Skyler: I'm here to talk about Hank. You know what's gonna happen to him if this Pinkman presses charges? Hank could lose everything. I thought maybe there's a way you could help him.

Walt: How?

Skyler: Contact Pinkman. Get him to drop the charges.

Walt: I don't know what kind of relationship you picture me having with this person.

Skyler: I'm not asking.

Walt: He's not my friend. It's not as if we were even close.

Skyler: I'm not asking. But there must be something you could say. Isn't it even worth a try? Hank is your family.

Walt: Not currently.

Skyler: What?

Walt: I said, not currently. I'm late. I have to go.

Scene: Lab

Gale: Hello. I was starting to get worried.

Walt: Car trouble.

Gale: Oh, that's a bummer. You should call me next time. I'll pick you up.

Walt: No sandals today?

Gale: I just thought- A bit more professional. Well, everything is on track. We got our distillate. Just waiting to-

Walt: Let's get our trays ready.

Gale: Clean, no moisture. Done.

Walt: Is our solvent filtered?

Gale: I thought you might ask that. Done.

Walt: That's good. That's good.

Gale: Hand in glove, that's what we strive for. You know, this might be the beginning of a beautiful friendship.

Scene: Dealer’s Truck

Dealer: So you the gentlemen? Lucky you boys caught me, I got a load to pick up in Memphis. I can hammer it out in about 15, but there's this girl, Lolly. Maybe Fran. She's got this fetish, she likes to get peed on. I was hoping to see her tonight but she wants to sleep before 10 so I wanna wrap it up here ASAP because traffic can be a wild card. Thing is, women who like to get peed on tend to be from the warmer climates. You'd think the ones in colder zones would be more inclined. Maybe it's a shock if the body's not acclimated but, you know, I leave that for smarter minds than me. Science is a mystery. Well, take a gander. Prices are negotiable. Buying in bulk gets you a discount. I'm running a special on these honeys. JHPs. Hollow-point b*ll*ts, known as Black Death. Check it out. Like that? So sweet, you wanna lick it. Nickel-plated brass casing, Lubalox coat. Sucker has six razor claws that expand upon impact: Shred your mama's head like a cabbage. Keep it. On the house. But I been windjamming enough. Tell me what you're looking for, what it is you need.

Leonel: Vests.

Dealer: Vests? Hell, yeah, we got vests. Right here. Sleek, comfortable, thermally bonded, non-interwoven Kevlar fiber. Stop a b*llet like a soft wang against a Quaker girl. Ain't getting through. And lightweight? So lightweight, you'll forget you're wearing it.

Marco: They work?

Dealer: Sure as shit, they do. I don't leave home without it. What the hell? You broke my freaking rib, you maniac son of a bitch. You're welcome!

Scene: Lab

Walt: Gale. What temperature did you set here?

Gale: Here? Station five, 75 C.

Walt: I said 85. 85.

Gale: I wrote it down. You said 75. I wrote it.

Walt: Well, you wrote it wrong. That's not what I said. I said 85. It's always been 85. Not 75. Not 95. Eighty-five. This is chemistry. Degrees matter.

Gale: I'm sorry. I'm very sorry.

Walt: Great. You're sorry, meanwhile you've just brewed 50 gallons of useless sludge. Congratulations. Just dump it. Dump it all. This batch is ruined.

Scene: Hank and Maries’s Bedroom

Marie: You look nice.

Hank: I look like a TV weatherman.

Marie: You want a coffee?

Hank: No.

Marie: I squeezed some orange juice. You want a glass of orange juice?

Hank: I'm all right.

Marie: What are you gonna tell them? Here's what you'll tell them. He att*cked you.

Hank: He att*cked me?

Marie: He swung at you with something.

Hank: Swung at me?

Marie: He att*cked you with a pipe.

Hank: A pipe.

Marie: It happened fast. He resisted arrest and muscle memory kicked in and you had to disarm him. Muscle memory. Happens all the time. Years of training, your body acted faster than your brain. You had no choice but to h*t him. You had to fight back.

Hank: Marie, Marie, Marie. No. I'm not gonna go in there and lie.

Marie: It's some lowlife degenerate versus you doing the job you're supposed to. Why should you be the one who pays for doing the right thing?

Hank: Oh, baby, it wasn't the right thing. It's not what the job is. I'm supposed to be better than that.

Marie: And you made one mistake.

Hank: No, it wasn't one mistake. I've been unraveling, you know? I don't sleep at night anymore. I freeze. I freeze up. My chest gets all tight. I can't breathe. Just, I panic. Ever since that Salamanca thing. I mean, Tuco Salamanca. If ever a scumbag deserved a b*llet between the eyes, It changed me. And I can't seem to control it. I tried to fight it. But then El Paso. And it's just gotten worse. What I did to Pinkman, that's not who I'm supposed to be. That's not me. All this, everything that's happened, I swear to God, Marie, I think the universe is trying to tell me something and I'm finally ready to listen. I'm just not the man I thought I was. I think I'm done as a cop. Now, this is not an easy decision, but it is one that I have to make.

Scene: Walt’s House

Walt: I'm sorry. This whole Gale situation, he's just not working out. Yes, now, it may sound unorthodox but I think our first best option is Jesse Pinkman. Hello? No, look. There's a shorthand that exists between us, experience together at a level that, quite frankly, I'm just never going to reach with Gale. Look, Mr. Fring, when I accepted your offer, I was told the lab is mine. And I know best how to run it. Thank you. Thank you. Yes, I will. I will. Okay. Goodbye.

Scene: Hospital

Walt: Listen, something's come up. I think it's a good opportunity. There's been a job opening. I need a new lab assistant.

Jesse: I already did my time. Why don't you just go get yourself a monkey?

Walt: I don't want a monkey. I want you.

Jesse: Oh, gee, thanks. Well, not interested. I got my own thing going on. And nice try, saving your asshead brother-in-law.

Walt: That's not why I'm here, Jesse. There's more. It's more than an assistant. Partners. We'll be partners again. Split everything fifty-fifty, just like before. One-point-five million dollars each.

Jesse: No.

Walt: I don't think you heard-

Jesse: I heard you fine. I said no.

Walt: Let me understand this. You're turning down one and a half million dollars.

Jesse: I am not turning down the money. I am turning down you. You get it? I want nothing to do with you. Ever since I met you everything I've ever cared about is gone. Ruined, turned to shit, d*ad. Ever since I hooked up with the great Heisenberg. I have never been more alone. I have nothing! No one! All right? It's all gone! Get it? No. No, no. Why? Why would you get it? What do you even care, as long as you get what you want? Right? You don't give a shit about me. You said I was no good. I'm nothing! Why would you want me, huh? You said my meth is inferior, right? Right? Hey, you said my cook was garbage! Hey, screw you, man! Screw you.

Walt: Your meth is good, Jesse. As good as mine.

Scene: Walt’s Car

Walt: Yeah?

Jesse: Fifty-fifty?

Walt: Yes, fifty-fifty.

Jesse: Okay. Partners.

Walt: Good.

Scene: DEA

Merkert: And this is the statement you want to give?

Hank: Yes, sir.

Merkert: Hank, you don't have to do this.

Hank: No, I do. I'm good.

Merkert: So we understand if we write it up like that, you'll sign it.

Hank: That's the way it happened. I accept the consequences.

Merkert: In the light of these facts as of this moment, you're suspended without pay. I have to ask you to hand over your badge and your g*n.

Hank: Yes, sir.

Merkert: Schrader. Hold up.

Hank: Yes, sir?

Merkert: I just wanted to tell you something. And you didn't hear it from me. Don't want you to get your hopes up but the word in the pipeline is Pinkman isn't pressing charges.

Hank: Why not?

Merkert: Who the hell knows? Maybe you have a guardian angel.

Scene: Parking Lot

Hank: It went fine. Well, fine means what it means, yeah. I'll tell you all about it when I get home, okay? Yeah. It's- Yeah, it's just- I don't know, baby, I just think I think we may be okay. Yeah. Okay. I love you too. Schrader.

Voice: I need you to listen very carefully. Two men are coming to k*ll you.

Hank: Come again?

Voice: They're approaching your car. You have one minute.

Hank: I don't get the gag, jagoff. Who is this?

Voice: They're coming.

Hank: Hello? Hey, Gomey, I don't know what that call was, but it's dumb even by your standards so call me when you get this.

Leonel: Finish him.

Marco: No. Too easy.
